A review of species and
the habitat rules and the Birds Directive must be made to adapt to local and regional
conditions. And the leakage of nutrients, which leads to eutrophication in the sea and
watercourses, must be prevented.

The EU's cohesion policy, that is, EU funding of measures intended to create
growth, jobs and sustainable development throughout the EU are basically necessary. EU cooperation
requires some solidarity to work. Citizens throughout the EU must be able to see that the EU
brings benefits to them. Joint investments can also be used to achieve
common goals, for example in climate policy. Resources channeled through
cohesion policy, for example, co-finances public transport infrastructure in
different parts of the Union. The Social Fund and the Regional Fund, which are crucial parts of
cohesion policy, contributes to rural development and enables investments in
small businesses. Especially the Social Fund can reduce exclusion and create jobs for new arrivals.
It is important that funds are distributed regionally.
The green industries, including related industries that refine the products from
agriculture and forestry, are important for keeping the whole of Europe together. A variety of products,
with local variation, also creates conditions for tourism.

The sanctions against member countries that violate
basic principles of the rule of law and freedom of the press must be powerful.
Cohesion policy, that is, EU money through various funds and programs that
such as regional and social funds, etc., must place higher demands
recipient. It must strive to increase the recipients' ability to develop
themselves. Countries and regions that in various ways undermine the EU's fundamentals
Nor should values get access to money from the various cohesion policies
funds and programs.

Cooperation in Europe makes us stronger. However, it is important that it focuses on the right things
and not on issues such as individual people and decision makers at local, regional and
national level can better decide on. The Center Party therefore clearly distances itself from
additional legislation within the framework of the EU social pillar, where areas such as
labor market and welfare would be included.