These changes should not be
considered as new constraints,
but as an opportunity to
places a sustainable transition policy based
on a (re) localized economy. This
economy has to make social goals and
European environmental assets. 

Europe will be fully autonomous in
energy, raw materials and food.
The preferred use of local resources, in
this included in terms of cash
plant and animal, will be the rule, not
in a spirit of withdrawal, but in order to 
build local capacity and minimize
the impact of consumption patterns and
production out of the resources of the rest of the
world. 

Each person will have access to a
sufficient, healthy, good food
nutritional and diversified quality, meeting
to this basic human need. This
food will favor local products and
will come from an agrifood system
inclusive and fair, respectful of food,
of man and the environment, and based on
the principle of food sovereignty. 

Review the criteria for allocating aid
of the first pillar of the CAP
Taking into account a set of criteria:
labor intensity, farm size,
regional specificities, production costs
(energy, labor). 

However, Europe has all the cards
to win the game. She disposes
excellent scientists, innovators
bright, well-trained workers, cities
dynamic and enough capital
to make the necessary investments.
To pave the way for industrial renaissance
of Europe, Europeans should only
focus on research and innovation by
link with the energy transition. 

Co-develop, with territories and cities
of the EU sharing the same ambitions, a
mission to create 100 EU territories /
carbon neutral cities by 2030.

the establishment of an “exception” principle
agricultural ”- like the cultural exception -
which aims to defend and develop the
particularity of the agricultural sector given
of its implications for rural life, health and
the environment. Just like for culture,
the affirmation of the “agricultural exception” allows
to recognize that agricultural products and
cannot be processed
as having exclusively value
commercial. The quality of agricultural products
and their transformation is essential for
health, the environment, but also
identity value and condition the vitality of
rural societies. 

new infrastructure.
The objective of 10% interconnections within
the EU must be more explicit at the level
regional, i.e. the level most in need of
these last. 

Predict the output of coal as a source
supply and prohibit within
support mechanisms for
coal plants. Structural aid
regional and social policies could be
assigned in priority to the realization of this
European issue. 

This promotion involves the articulation of
support policies (e.g. deployment of
vehicle charging points
electric) and regulatory incentives
medium and long term. Strong signals are
recent visitors from cities and states (e.g.
end of sales of new working cars
petrol or diesel from 2025 in Norway,
2030 in the Netherlands and 2040 in France and in
UK). 

Deployment must also extend to areas
peri-urban and rural to ensure
territorial cohesion and access to vehicles
electric by all Europeans. 

It is clear
that today this solidarity between states,
between regions, between citizens, between workers
is undermined. Gold in all areas where
there is a crisis, a strengthening of the
cooperation, links and mechanisms
solidarity is essential. 

No democratic governance model
cannot be inclusive or sustainable without guaranteeing
dialogue and solidarity between the generations.
The Union must encourage local authorities to
encourage seniors to play a role in
local communities to maintain the
citizen dialogue between all generations. 

It would only intervene if these countries
implement the recommendations 
specific to them in the
part of the European semester. 
This budget would amount to 1% of the region's GDP
euro, i.e. some 100 billion euros.
This budget could be funded among other things
by part of the profits of the ECB. According to
the ECB Statutes, part of these

The consolidated common base is
an intermediate step towards a tax
European companies. Indeed, the plate
consolidated municipality cannot be the final goal.
This would in fact result in a tax fixed in a
directive, making any changes
complicated and therefore a tax at
become obsolete.

lively cohesion policy
a comprehensive long-term vision, inclusive of
all territories, combining without exception and
in complementarity development
cities and rural areas for the benefit of
quality of life of their inhabitants.

Territorial cohesion giving its place
cross-border cooperation and
integrated development of border areas,
particularly through programs
Interreg. This is essential for Belgium and its
Regions, open to the central core of the heart
from Europe. It is also for the
cohesion of Europe

- Anticipate and plan transitions
sectors and regions threatened by
job losses. The Commission
European will have to carry out, in
partnership with EU states,
regions and social partners, a
risk analysis and opportunities
the energy transition for each
European region, in order to anticipate and
to prevent situations of decline
economic, source of unemployment
structural. 

The initiative
promising platform for
coal regions in transition
launched by the Commission at the end of 2017 is
a good source of inspiration. 

We propose, in the
social policy funds,
increased support to Member States and
to local authorities to finance
measures of training, of retraining, support and
entrepreneurship for workers
having lost their jobs as a result of
major structural changes related to
the energy transition.

For cdH, the Union must provide support
equivalent to infrastructure meeting
social needs of territories and
local communities and enabling the EU
to be a tangible player in this solidarity at
local level. 
Concretely, we propose to:
- Integrate investments in
social infrastructure in the analysis of
European semester and formulate
country-specific recommendations.
- Develop new instruments
funds for social infrastructure such as
only social bonds . 

This would include policies
social, economic, educational and
of integration and would involve a variety
actors at all levels, particularly at
local level. A long-term strategy must
include measures to promote inclusion 
social; strengthen knowledge,
understanding, tolerance and respect
intercultural mutuals; tackling inequalities
socio-economic

The European Union is above all a space
by right. She carries a certain model
of society and rests on a foundation of values
municipalities and universals: democracy,
the rule of law, and the protection of rights
fundamentals. 

The Juncker Commission has proposed to link the
respect for the rule of law in regional funds.
This is an important first step which must be
implemented 

expertise and visibility,
thus contributing to the success of a greater
number of ICE proposals. The parliament
European and the Committee of the Regions could
bring greater visibility to ICEs
proposed. They could organize
hearings or preparatory work. 











