The EU must live up to its own principles on subsidiarity. Decisions should not
be taken at EU level if they can be better resolved at national, regional or local
level. Equal and easy access to communication and an informed citizenry
are basic requirements in legitimate democratic decision making. Political
decisions at the European level need to be preceded by Europe-wide debate
and allow for the adequate participation of all.

We advocate a strong role of the Committee of Agriculture
and Rural Development, provided that lessons are learnt from
past mistakes in EU agricultural policies.

We want a CAP that supports natural and cultural diversity. We
are convinced that multiplicity of food production which is locally
adapted and in the hands of many independent and self-determined
actors will grant food safety and quality of life in the countryside
and cities as well. The CAP must provide the frame which
stipulates equal rights, opportunities and commitments.

Urban and suburban agriculture and gardening need to be
encouraged to reduce transport, supply nutrition, spread knowledge,
satisfy human needs.

We shall spread successful educational models (such as media
education in Finland) from local level to all member countries.

The PIRATES support the aims and principles declared by the EU
to safeguard our water, air, soil, natural environment and raw
materials for the sake of our health and well-being. We also
agree with doing this in a sustainable way by taking account of
economic, social and regional aspects and by acting responsibly
towards future generations and animal welfare.

Structural funds are an important tool to strengthen the Europe’s
cohesion and express solidarity in Europe still divided by the
different performances of national and regional economies. We
will support any effort to increase its flexibility so that it
can respond promptly to the up-to-date developments of the
economy or security situation.

Free Software reduces administrative costs, promotes local technical
support and increases the ability to identify malicious code.

We will also support the application of technologies to in everyday lives
For example, we
will drive the increase in Internet coverage through the use of
satellites into remote regions which are difficult to cover by conventional
means. The goal of this initiative is to spread the basic
human right for Internet throughout Europe and also to support
the dislocation of the digital workforce from the overcrowded
cities. To achieve that and ensure democratic control of EU space
benefits, the Administrative Board of the newly planned EU
Agency for Space Programme should include European Parliament
representatives with voting rights.

Alternative fuels can’t save our planet while we continue to waste
energy. We support Shared Mobility Principles for Livable Cities
initiative – where you can walk, you shouldn‘t drive.

Shunting goods around Europe for tax optimization or importing
them just because of holey local workers‘ rights is hypocrisy. We
aim to create legislation which will allow consumers seeing the
complete costs of production supply chains, in order to transform
EU preferences accordingly; eg. promoting local waste-free food
consumption over overseas imports.

We aim for a single, publicly controlled, easy-to-use toll satellite
system for commercial transport on highways, allowing the use of
open source apps, enabling to process anonymized big data and
thus improve both municipal and interstate traffic management.

Utilizing new dynamic
transport options (bike and car-sharing schemes, on-demand
public transport, hailing apps) we will strive to allow new natural
transport streams, that will ignore national borders to arise. All
EU citizens have the right to true free movement. These measures
allow boosting of peripheral regions that are often the least
performing within the countries.

Large EU metropolitan areas are currently in legal limbo regarding
the ride-hailing apps (Taxify, UBER), hindering the further research
and development of those projects. We do believe that the
legislature has to reflect the current technology development and
one common framework for ride-hailing apps should exist on
EU level, allowing GPS and similar technologies to be recognized
as a certified system for distance calculations. Legalizing ride
hailing apps will be a great benefit for rural areas and less wealthy
individuals.