The Connect Europe program
aims to encourage investment in infrastructure that goes beyond national borders and better
connects all Europeans. In this context, we will defend the extension of the basic network of
corridors to include more Spanish regions within the Mediterranean and Atlantic corridors,
which are priority transport axes for the European Union. Thus, places like Cartagena, León,
Tarragona, Gijón, Almería or Vigo will be able to apply for European funds to promote growth,
employment and competitiveness through investments in infrastructure.

We will favor the development of the most unpopulated regions of Spain so that they can
once again be an engine of opportunities. Currently, rural regions are lagging behind in terms
of economic and demographic development due to the attractiveness of metropolitan
areas. Therefore, we will promote investment in these regions to make them more sustainable
and more competitive.

We will propose dedicating European funds to facilitate the renewal of the automotive
sector in Spain, to reduce pollution in our cities. Currently, transport is one of the sectors that
emits the most toxic substances into the air of our cities, which is also experiencing a growth in
the emissions it produces.

We will strengthen the European network for the protection of ecosystems and natural
landscapes in a manner compatible with sustainable tourism and agriculture . Protecting
our biodiversity is an obligation, but it can also be an economic opportunity for our rural
areas.

We will work to strengthen the role of farmers and ranchers in the food products value
chain . Agricultural production can be the link that closes the gap between the rural world and
the cities in Spain, thus helping to guarantee equality for all citizens regardless of where they
live.

We will bet on generational replacement and the training of young professionals in the
agricultural sector. We cannot continue to allow opportunities for young people in our
villages. We will promote the incorporation of young people from rural areas into agriculture,
eliminating barriers to access to land and facilitating financing for value-added projects.

We will promote a rural development policy focused on the sustainable development of our
rural areas. Added value, innovation, digitization and integration of production are fundamental
pieces to combat problems as serious as the depopulation of our rural areas. We will put all the
necessary means so that the European strategies are aimed at strengthening value chains and
creating new opportunities in the primary sector, the environment and everything related to the
circular economy, with special attention to strengthening women's autonomy. and young people
in rural areas.

We will encourage investments in rural areas to generate innovative and sustainable
opportunities in our towns . Currently, many of the investments with European funds do not go
to alternatives that generate added value, and have not allowed a sustained rebound in
employment and economic growth in rural Spain. We are going to reorient these programs so
that they contribute to the creation of opportunities for the youngest and allow the sustainable
and inclusive development of rural areas.

We will defend a strong cohesion policy, well financed and subject to evaluation of
results. Spain is one of the countries that most benefit from cohesion policy to make investments
in various regions. Autonomous governments have often failed to manage these European funds
well, dedicating them to non-productive investments or even leaving them unfulfilled. Therefore,
we will give priority to investments that improve the competitiveness of our economy and
promote an evaluation of the results obtained with these investments.

