We strongly support the principle of subsidiarity, whereby decisions should preferably be made as close to citizens as possible. Therefore, there are a wide range of areas where, as a starting point, we believe that Member States in the EU should maintain their national, regional or local decision-making skills, eg. when it comes to culture, primary school, health care, social and labor policy and tax policy.

The EU's banking union with joint banking supervision is a natural step for the euro area countries, and our fixed exchange rate policy makes it advantageous for Denmark to join such a union. However, any decision on Danish participation must always depend on the exact conditions for participation. Denmark has endorsed the principles of conducting a fiscal policy with sound public finances, the content of which is determined solely by the Danish government, municipalities, regions and the Folketing.  

Setting boundaries for politics has always been central to conservative politics. This applies nationally, but also at European level. The Conservative People's Party strongly supports the principle of subsidiarity, which means that decisions must be made as close to citizens as possible. Therefore, there are many areas where, as a starting point, we believe that EU Member States should maintain their national, regional or local decision-making skills. This applies, for example. culture, primary school, health care, social policy and tax policy.

Health - right to own doctor 
For reasons of subsidiarity, health policy and the organization of health care must continue to be a national concern. This applies, for example. the structure of the health care system (ranging from school doctor and health nurse, own physician and janitor in hospitals), political structure, health care obligation and treatment guarantees, as well as the number and geographical spread of the hospitals.

We will also work to make European economic tools for regional development and structural funds more widely allocated in the light of the EU's overall geopolitical interests and generally conditioned by compliance with EU rules and to a lesser extent applied to social equalization across Europe, which can seem to distort competition.

The Conservative People's Party wants as much influence to the national parliaments as possible in the EU decision-making process. The Conservative People's Party will work for the national parliaments to exercise their right to give "the yellow card" when proposals for European legislation violate the principle of subsidiarity or if the European Commission, through delegated acts, attempts to take political action unjustly competence.





