Civil societies there need European support if
they fight for democracy and human rights. For that we want
the enforceability of fundamental rights also in the European
enable member states. If corrupt and undemocratic
Governments violate EU law should European funds
no longer to them, but directly to the municipalities and thus the
People go there.

Many European cities are already working on it
for a long time in a car-free future. 

countries affected technically and financially when adapting to the
To support the climate crisis and in coping with its consequences. The
people will still be forced to leave their homes. We
want the EU to help make these people a dignified
enable le and self-determined migration - within their
Country, in their region

to make sustainable investment decisions. The last
Emissions trading reform was far too timid. In addition, the
Number of allowances in emissions trading according to the Parisian
Climate target can be further reduced. This is the only way the CO2 price will develop
real steering effect. Germany should initially with some EU
Take the initiative and in a regional group of states
pe introduce a common minimum CO2 price; the Netherlands
and France have already declared their intention to do so. Perspective
we want to advance a pan-European solution.

The coal phaseout will lead to jobs on the one hand
get lost and on the other hand in new future industries
more jobs are created. Still, we take the worries out
and fears of those affected seriously and do not leave people in the
Sting. With this structural change, we have to keep the employees and
support the regions so that they have a perspective. With
EU Structural Funds to “coal exit regions”
be specially promoted. New regional economic priorities
are built up and tailored training is offered. We
become a right to further education and lifelong learning
anchor across Europe. This not only helps those from the structural wall
del affected, but is also a means against skilled workers
The social partners should actively use their specific skills in

For Europe, we need an intelligent power grid that
both the renewable energies are decentrally linked and
connects regionally as well as flexibly controllable electricity consumption
cleverly networked the increasing supply of renewable electricity.

nation from it - and renewable energies directly or via heating
uses networks. In new public buildings such as
Schools, gyms, administration buildings and swimming pools
this should become a duty. Greening from not solar
us

a program that helps workers get out of coal
regions supported

At the same time there is a lack in rural regions
Nationwide local transport, trains are unreliable and bike paths
often in poor condition. We want to change that. We want
mobility in Europe that is climate neutral, inexpensive and for
everyone is usable and protects the environment and health. Europe must
Shaping the future mobility project. 

That means: more for
Pedestrian and bicycle traffic, less, but clean and quiet cars,
better train and public transport offers, fewer short-haul flights and
better networking of different modes of transport in the city
and in the country. 

In the medium term, we want to create car-free city centers. At the Lö
solution
to the ultra-fine dust problem in the vicinity of the airports
be worked intensively.

We are committed to the resumption of European night trains
between all major cities and a functioning shuttle service
in border regions. A joint financing or a fund
solution can support that. So that Europe over the great distance
trains can finally grow together, even for long distances
become a serious alternative to cars and planes. 

the promotion
of cell production we link to the regional availability of
renewable electricity and economical use of rare metals,
so that the electric car becomes a really ecological alternative. 

The goal of green mobility policy is that people quickly,
Get from A to B safely and emission-free. That increases the
Quality of life in the city and also in the country. Using digital
Technology and smart urban planning become bicycle and foot traffic,
Buses, trains and cars networked with bike and car sharing and
promoted. There are also new developments such as the intelligent one
Traffic control and soon autonomous vehicles that
more climate protection, safer
can create unity and efficiency. We want the digitally based
Strengthen emission-free mobility and thus our quality of life
increase. To do this, we want
start competition for cities and regions that specifically target
reduce traffic and use public transport, cycling and walking
expand traffic. These model areas can serve as role models

For sustainable prosperity
we need a circular economy that uses valuable raw materials such as
exploits. Therefore the promotion of the European district
central economy of every ecologically oriented economy
be economic policy. 

This is how we promote regional,
energy efficient production. Special weight for the recycling
economy also has the EU plastic strategy, the aim of which is to continuously
to drastically curb the increase in plastic waste.

We want the regional economy with the local ones
Strengthen companies, value chains and products. Because
small businesses like the bakery or the restaurant are
of fundamental importance for local supply as well as for
social cohesion. But these little, often owner
managed
companies are now seriously threatened in their existence.
They are often more sustainable and responsible, because
their processes are regional and short and they feel the effects
stronger in their actions.

We want the regional infrastructure of local supply
receive and rely on clearly defined regional labels
and promotional concepts, based on practice-oriented
lungs and, if possible, to tolerance and minor limits
for small businesses

This is also financially
This makes sense, as the international energy transition leads to it
that investments in coal, oil and gas will cease in the medium term
have to be written. Greens in countries and municipalities
it faked: At their request, the municipal and
State finances aligned sustainably. Any subsidies
we reject it for coal power generation.

We argue and promote a diverse, sustainable, regional
anchored, rural agriculture that protects nature and animals
and creates healthy food for all of us. 

would like to see the diverse cultural landscapes in
pa and lively rural areas with future-proof businesses
get and stop the court dying. 

We are committed to
a sustainable diet that is good for consumers
is and in the city and country together environment, climate, animals
and protect floors.

More and more consumers in the EU
want healthy, ecologically and regionally produced food
tel. Therefore organic farming has long been an integral part of the European
agriculture. 

The EU must aim to make small farmers in poorer people
To support countries with agro-ecological methods
To produce food for local and regional markets and such
to contribute to food security and sovereignty. 

So far mainly in developing countries
Land grabbing is also becoming a problem in Europe. Private
people
and large investors discover arable land as a safe capi
valley
plant. This has fatal consequences for the rural regions:
For existing farms or start-ups
it is hardly possible anymore to buy or purchase land at fair prices
lease.

About that
we also want to promote the establishment and expansion of local seed banks,
to preserve traditional knowledge and biodiversity
and remain accessible. Variety of varieties is an important building block
to realize the right to food and agriculture
to make them more resilient to the consequences of climate change.

we want circular agriculture,
which is mainly located regionally, instead of the feed from excess
see.

Limit animal transport to a maximum of four hours. We want
regional slaughterhouses and mobile slaughterhouses
as well as regional processing and marketing structures
build up an infrastructure for regional animal welfare
me to create slaughter. This includes slaughterhouses
while maintaining employee data protection through video
better monitor meras. 

Today the EU money is often spent incorrectly. So
forms the Common Agricultural Policy of the in the current EU budget
EU the second largest item. But this becomes the requirement
sustainable, climate-friendly and sufficient for the farmers
agriculture and thus livable rural regions
promote, not fair, because they promote the industrialization of
shaft and thus the overproduction better compensated. 

We want the EU to have structurally weak regions and the
development of rural regions will continue to be supported in the future. Poorer
We particularly want to promote regions to the living conditions
to bring people in Europe closer together. We want EU funds
more targeted use where civil society, companies and public
European institutions need European support. For
a gender-equitable distribution of funds should
gender budgeting will be used. We also want
simplify the awarding of public contracts, especially for municipal
and for smaller projects.

fair minimum tax rates that apply equally to all companies
applies. We want to share part of this corporate tax with the euro
allow European citizens to benefit, because companies
generate part of their profits only thanks to the European
Internal market. This is how we protect young digital start-ups like
the locally rooted economy also faces unfair competition
the IT giant.

To do this, we need European investments everywhere
work in Europe and especially the people in the structural
open new perspectives to weak regions and face new ones
Protect crises. To resolve the investment backlog, we have to
design the framework for national expenditure in such a way that
necessary and sustainable public investments are more possible
are. 

should flow directly into the household. Member States can and
are to set tax rates that are above the minimum tax rate.
The income from this flows into their national or municipal
len households. In Germany we will make sure that this
Reform is not at the expense of cities and municipalities.

rental platforms for vacation rentals such as
Airbnb undermines city and federal regulations
desländer and rely on the rules of the European
Domestic market. Against the cities that are trying to
protect platforms, these platforms even have complaints
the EU Commission. It cannot be that these online
platforms the decision-making power of cities and federal states
pry out.

We want advice from employees from others
EU member states improve locally and the EU advice centers
Remove. This is how we remove hurdles for mobility in Europe.

Withdrawal of funding could, however, affect the general public.
and not just the governments, the democratic
Have violated principles. So we want you to
the Member State did not cut blanket funds, but that
they are specifically frozen and managed directly by the commission
to the municipalities and other beneficiaries
will give. That way the money could continue to arrive where it was
used and used sensibly, but the contracting authority would be
no longer with the national governments.

For participation in democratic decision-making processes
are also citizens on vital regional reporting
reliant. There has been a strong loss here in recent years
of diversity and quality: More and more local media
s, even blogs, can hardly finance their offer. We
therefore want to further promote independent media

As
Part of this question is also to clarify how the role of the regions within
half of the European Union can be strengthened, i.e. whether it
is sufficient to extend the principle of subsidiarity, or whether more
autonomy and sovereignty of the regions under a European
Roof also opportunities. In the medium term, we advocate the Council
to be transferred to a second chamber. We want to discuss whether this
from the governments of the member states or the regions together
is set. This second chamber forms together with the EU
European Parliament the legislature.

The Minority SafePack Initiative is an example of a successful
rich European Citizens' Initiative. It includes a package of statutory
regulations for the protection and promotion of minorities
and regional languages and is expressly supported by us.

We advocate that Union citizens stand by their
resident anywhere in the EU if they have been
live there for five years - and not just for local parliaments -
te and the European Parliament, but also regional ones
and national elections. As the next step we want to
Munial right to vote even people without a German passport or
Open Union citizenship

The right to asylum is not negotiable. On this basis
we are committed to a common start of a humanitarian
unified coalition of member states and municipalities that work together
men roll up their sleeves and show solidarity with the reception
want to participate from refugees.

For municipalities that accept refugees
we want direct aid from the EU.

Many European municipalities have responded to the
of ports for solidarity saved from distress and the
Admission of people offered. We want the EU to do this
Solidarity supports and projects within the "Solidarity Cities"
financially supported.

Even if not so many people come to us
As before, many regional and local authorities are involved
faced with an abundance of concrete challenges: accommodation
social integration, medical care and education. This
So far, has not been adequately reflected in the funding opportunities,
the EU as part of the Asylum, Migration and Integration Fund
(AMIF) provides. The EU should therefore municipalities
and regions in the reception and integration of refugees
support directly with a municipal integration fund. We
want to put the municipalities in a financial and legal position
and encourage them to engage in resettlement and European conversion
participation programs and refugees also in their own
To take responsibility. The basis for this must be common
European asylum standards that are not below the subsistence level
mum may be in the respective EU countries. The regulations
the admission guideline for medical care
groups must be consistently implemented. That includes
the guarantee and access to the necessary medical
local supply.

Agreements with states that have a questionable human rights
balance should serve primarily the interest
building and strengthening local civil society. When
We want those countries to conclude readmission agreements
in return, offer support to their citizens
resume quickly and unbureaucratically and give them perspective
ven and guarantee a safe life. 

a European integration fund, the municipalities
and regions supported

Given the increase in racially motivated acts of violence
and the spread of right-wing ideas must be democratic
Civil society to be strengthened all the more. During democratic
deeply hostile groups exchange ideas internationally and their
bundle, democratic initiatives usually remain very local
arrested.

Cities and regions within the EU can also
an important contribution to the protection of human rights and
Human rights defenders. We want initiatives like
local human rights officer, admission programs for
politically persecuted or sponsorship programs stronger through the EU
support financially and institutionally. The EU member states are
asked to ratify all human rights conventions.

Our goal is also to create added value
Happens locally and a processing industry is built up.
The 2030 Agenda defines "economic development" sustainably.
It is about improved life prospects and necessary economic
growth not at the expense of social cohesion or
to achieve ecological sustainability. Poor countries should at the
Get concrete support for the development of their economies

Public services of general interest must be fully protected
become. Municipalities must not be restricted in their freedom of action
be restricted.

The global war on drugs has failed. He promotes organic
crime, undermines the health of drug users.
me nt, violates human rights and contributes to destabilization
of states at. This prevents political and economic
development of the countries concerned. Europe as a consumer
region responsible for the impact of demand for
Drugs. The
controlled dispensing of cannabis in individual member states
how model projects at regional level can help the
reduce organized crime within the EU.

We want Europe as a research and development region
support. Especially in the area of digitization and robotics
tics, biotechnology and nanotechnology are currently
developments take place and the European Union must be careful
not to lose touch worldwide. 

Many small and medium-sized companies still fail
take part in EU research programs,
because the hurdles are too high, too complicated, too bureaucratic. And
Many good ideas from cutting-edge research still remain
the route or are monetized in other regions because
they are not put on the market.

We also want to further promote and strengthen the start-up landscape
with funds from the European Regional Development Fund
ensure that there is a one-stop shop in every EU member state
is available for startups with low-threshold advice. 

cultural understanding that extends far beyond its borders
is highly attractive. The density of the theater landscape,
its diverse music, visual arts and literature, its museums,
Libraries and architecture shape in their historical consciousness
be cultural reference points in ever new designs
in our cities and towns. We want a European culture
tourism policy that reflects the many regional cultural characteristics of the 500th
Keeps millions of European residents alive. Want at the same time
we the idea of a common culture by reflecting on the euro
European enlightenment, the memory and reappraisal of history
as well as mutual curiosity about the cultural values of the neighbors
by funding cross-border cultural projects

We want European film - especially regional products -
- strengthen and promote an ecologically and socially sustainable film
promote production, gender-appropriate access to funding
enable, promote artistic quality and the distribution eu-
European films and the development of high quality com
Support more computer games.

The strength and attractiveness of the EU lies in its diversity. This variety
fold is protected by the European founding idea. The EU
does not want to be a superordinate central power, but member states
regions, and municipalities for a peaceful and fruitful
Empowering one another. They should each have their own democratic
leave room for decision-making. We want that in too
Future the political decisions will be implemented there
where they work best: in the villages and cities.

The municipalities are the foundation of the European Union.
Here the citizens organize their everyday life together,
here European politics works directly, here the cornerstone can
for more Europe. Europe takes place here every day.

It is therefore right that as many decisions as possible
be met at local level. The subsidiarity
principle - i.e. making decisions as close as possible to the citizens - is
the basis for a successful Europe. But that also means
that Europe should have a supportive function where municipalities
Push boundaries.

Not everything in Europe has to be done the same way. And not
every area of life should be regulated. The European domestic
market is an important achievement, but the implementation of its
Competition rules must not lead municipalities to
be forced to privatize public goods.
A sell-out of public tasks in the general interest is also included
green beliefs are not compatible. The self determination of
Regions and municipalities must continue to be an integral part in the future
of a united Europe.

If the EU and the municipality work hand in hand,
something for citizens to be improved. For example
the EU takes care of cross-border traffic
works, and the municipality designs the local bus schedule.
These processes must interlock and work, because
Europe lives from understanding and exchange across borders
zen away. This creates a European sense of community. Loading
European cooperation in cross-border
striding metropolitan areas, the bridges not only between
States and municipalities, but above all
between people.

The European idea is anchored in the minds of the
Citizens, when they experience the EU's work in the municipalities,
for example when streets or buildings are subsidized by the EU
be judged. We want the municipalities to have a simple, direct
give access to the funding.

A functioning basic service, i.e. the provision of
Goods such as drinking water, but also access to cultural
directions and fast internet as well as the availability of
public services such as the fire brigade form the
sis of our social coexistence. We do not want to,
that, for example, the well-functioning local water network
becomes a speculative object and below that the water quality
det.

The European Union has a dual meaning for
local politics. It must not affect local public services
prevent. However, it is often overlooked that the EU is local
can also protect against liberalization pressure. We want that
strengthen and expand. Where municipalities and regions in their own
Responsibility for services of general interest
divide, their scope of action must not be restricted
become. 

It's our goal,
that the European Union has clear and comprehensive exceptions for
municipal services of general interest and for public and social
Creates services.

Affordable housing is one of them in many cities in Europe
It has become scarce that people from inner-city quarters
animals are ousted. This endangers social
cohesion. The EU must therefore help to keep rents
does not become a risk of poverty. 

Reject the European Commission's liberalization plans
and an exemption for water services in the euro
enforce European public procurement law. That leaves the municipalities
and communities first for public services at
Water supply responsible. In April 2019 the exception
The scheme has been re-examined by the Commission. We will
to make sure that it remains in its current form.

Citizens, municipalities and regions, but also regional sub
and
the craft are key players in energy
transition. For a successful and citizen-friendly European energy
Their commitment is essential to climate and climate policy. We want
prevent the opportunities from large companies and
few financially strong investors - and the
then in the villages and towns without participation
objects in front of the nose. A citizens' energy transition
can monopolistic and oligopolistic economic power
break up structures and cooperatives, cooperatives as well
Municipalities and regions open up the opportunity to use their own energy
Determine energy production and benefit from it. So could
2050 around 264 million energy citizens 45 percent of electricity
meet the needs of the EU.

Responsibility for the organization of public local
kehrs (public transport) should stay with cities and municipalities. Requirements
for the creation and publication of local transport plans
do not help the citizens, and neither is it in their
rem sense when the contract is awarded to municipal companies
is difficult. Europe should stay out of this.
Proposals for regulation by the EU Commission on liberalization
and opening the market for transport companies but aim in
another direction. They take municipalities and regions
important control element.
Municipalities and regions, for example as operators of public
bus stations, can decide to what extent private bus
same access as public transport companies
men is granted. The role of the EU must be limited to
Rules for transparency and fair competition in large projects
admit. In terms of sustainable, comprehensive local and
regional mobility strategy that supports the mobility of citizens
and paying attention to climate protection is a strong role for municipalities
and regions conducive.

Our medium-sized economy needs regional roots
Banks that supply their regions with credit and financial
keep an eye on services. How we strengthen regional banks
for the future.

However, it provides
munes and small, local providers of services often always
still faces high administrative challenges and serves too often
as a scapegoat. We therefore want the threshold values in the award
increase quite a bit. We also want the active communication of the
Improve rules and their chances by the EU and also small,
local providers in tenders with information on the legal
under conditions. Training courses too
in local governments, the ability to control
Strengthen municipalities in the award procedure.

local public transport in municipal hands

Europe can and should promote small and
Strengthen projects with a low-threshold approach. We
support the proposal of civil society organizations and
of the European Parliament, the program "Europe for Citizens
Citizens ”, from which local exchange projects can be financed
to increase a budget of 1 euro per citizen and thus more
than to double.

Cross-border metropolitan regions (Euregios) and comm
Municipalities (Eurodistricts) live these European
work at administrative level. In the Euregio Meuse-Rhine, the
across the Belgian, Dutch and German borders
stretches, it can already be observed today, for example, that
operation works. In many concrete everyday questions, your
gios and euro districts pioneer for transnational solutions. 

more opportunities in the field of cross-border
Cooperation at regional and local level

A third of the EU budget, around 53 billion euros
for 2018 alone, will be used for funding programs that
flow into regional or local projects. This structural and
Cohesion funds are an EU tool to make economically weaker
Regions, for example by building a modern infrastructure
structure to support. The aim of this redistribution is to compensate
regional differences and strengthening economic and
social cohesion, both within Member States and
between them too. The funding policy must be rural diversity
Map regions in Europe and the regions in the
leave as much freedom of choice as possible. The targeted
Strengthening rural areas is also an important contribution to the
Mitigate settlement pressure on the metropolitan areas. Regional funds
offer regions the opportunity to meet their respective challenges
to be targeted. The regional
nal services of general interest, which we also special in this aspect
want to promote. We are committed to better combinability
and simplification of existing funding grants on European,
Federal, state and regional levels.

We advocate a Europe in which weaker regions
especially promoted in which there are lively rural areas,
who live from and with agriculture, and local, industrial
regions or service regions. Europe can
politics to ensure that young people do not lose their hometown
let older and other needy people in their environment
Get the help they need and farmers in harmony
can do agriculture with nature. 

European funding offers for municipalities as well as for non
government
organizations a chance, additional, innovative projects
to develop. However, the application for funds is often too complicated
graces. This scares off some applicants and good ones

It has long been evident that the implementation of European goals
le - environmental and climate protection, sustainable urban development,
education, poverty reduction and integration - only with active participation
Local and regional authorities and civil society
Commitment can succeed. In many EU funding programs
municipalities are directly involved; a transnational
Cooperation at local level is often explicitly
promotes. This also makes sense since the internal market and other EU
Policy areas, the framework for action by municipalities and regional
set and determine. Nevertheless, the question of whether and how
Municipalities and regions or non-profit organizations
be involved in formal European decision-making processes,
often viewed as a domestic matter. But this corresponds
for a long time no longer their growing importance as cultural
le reference plane. We are committed to ensuring that your direct political
participation is strengthened. Municipalities and regions have to
regularly in consultations, hearings and feedback in
legislative process and in the design of funding programs,
that affect them. So they can use their expertise
bring in independently. An important lever here is also in
strengthening the rights of the European Committee of the Regional
nen (CoR), the assembly of regional and local representatives
the EU. It is important that you continue to design and
Allocation of funding programs the partnership principle for
turn comes. Through the legally guaranteed integration
by local and regional authorities and non-governmental organizations
European funding policy can be guaranteed
that their know-how is taken into account.

a secure say of municipalities, regions
and non-governmental organizations in European
legislative process and funding programs