The Primary Production Sector is not only its foundation 
economy but also the key factor of economics 
reconstruction of a state. Therefore, its field 
rural economy and the vegetable and animal sectors 
production, can become the main restart lever 
of the Greek economy. 

Unlike in our country, in recent years 
the Rural Cooperative is inactive. It is 
necessary for the Greeks farmers to change 
attitudes and behavior and to understand 
its necessity and its usefulness 
cooperation, to implement its values and principles 
cooperative institution, to dispel partisanship and 
customer relationships by cooperatives and interested 
more on their production process with the aim of 
greater economic progress.

Greece here can become an international 
investment paradise, as in the tourism industry. 
They are also able to transform into a modern 
rural hub investing in logistics products
such as the Netherlands modern infrastructures 
and powering its surrounding area, by 
the Balkans to the Middle East. 

The future lies in production of 
technology-intensive products and not 
only the basic primary production, while 
our farmers have to do the same somehow scientists, 
taking advantage of all its developments technology. 
In any case, cooperation with Municipalities is required.
Regions of the country to record their particularities 
crops in each area so that they can be trained 
plans and integrated strategic plans for its development 
agriculture, taking into account that there are opportunities for 
any area and for any season of the year, if secured 
appropriate conditions.

Cooperation of the Ministries of
Rural Development and Education 
for the adoption of Specific Programs 
in the departments of HEIs and 
TEIs concerned with the provision of 
specializations, skills and 
knowledge of food production.
 
Realization Training Seminars from 
the Regions and Local Authorities 
in the employees involved with Primary 
Production, to train young people 
methods and technologies of cultivation
 and food production. 

Establishment of Mass Production Service 
participants in the farmers program, 
supervised by Ministry of Rural Development 
in cooperation with the competent authorities 
Services of the Ministry.

We propose to improve public health 
adopting new tools for changing the consumer 
standards, such as education, information, 
and mechanisms training, for products containing 
healthy ingredients. To implement this 
process we suggest specific Strategic 
Plan Ministry of Foreign Affairs Rural Development, 
Education and Development. Promoting knowledge transfer 
and innovation in agriculture and in rural areas. 
We propose and promote it enhancement 
of links between of applied and oriented research. 
The real needs of farmers, market and agri - 
food sector are coming forward and 
are covered by actions created through partnerships 
between all stakeholders. 

Promotion targeted, valid and constantly
up-to-date knowledge transfer and information actions. 
This will take into account the needs of the farmers
and their needs market and, at the same time, create 
a rural culture innovative entrepreneurship. Promotion
of interactive actions with parallel demonstration 
application practices and technologies. The exchange 
of visits between farmers and those involved in production 
agricultural products will allow farmers to 
interact and exchange information and know-how, 
thereby improving production methods and quality 
of the products produced. 

Support of technical advisory system 
analysis) for farmers and small and medium-sized farmers 
businesses in rural areas by a specialized agency 
staffed with scientists, with the ultimate goal of improving them 
agricultural products, achieving more sustainable management, 
but also to increase the overall efficiency of the holding or 
of their business. 

Promoting know-how actions (Know How) 
and the economic training of the very small, small and 
medium-sized enterprises in rural areas. That's the goal 
can be achieved by enhancing accessibility and 
the use of information and communication technologies 
(ICT) in rural areas. Enhancing the competitiveness 
of all types of agriculture, enhancing the viability of farms, 
promoting the organization of the food chain and its 
risk management in agriculture. 

Promoting the production of quality, special, branded, 
local products and their distribution in the Greek market. For 
to do so, we will apply specific information measures 
ALL Greeks for products produced by Region, 
in order to become partners of this knowledge and to 
markets - selection of these products. 

Adaptation of agriculture to climate change, with 
interventions in the cultivated species and in the way of cultivation 
of existing species. We place particular emphasis on Social Inclusion,
Reduction of Poverty and the Substantial Economic Development of 
Rural areas, with emphasis on the following areas: 
Improving the quality of rural life: This will 
we succeed by reinforcing small key infrastructures with co-operation 
of Municipalities. At the same time, we prefer a reception plan 
and integration of new "residents" in the Greek countryside 
come from urban centers. 

Renovation, upgrade and keep residential 
Environment: We adopt and apply a New Quality 
Town Planning, which will contribute to aesthetic upgrading 
of the landscape and the spatial upgrading of the settlements. 
Networking: We are implementing a rational development of 
local agricultural product promotion networks. We emphasize 
networking and collaboration of rural businesses 
to achieve economies of scale. 

Training and knowledge transfer: We apply Specialist 
Continuing education, information and training program 
of the rural population in innovative activities with 
cooperation of the Ministries Rural Development, 
Education and Development. 

Innovation: We promote and implement innovative practices 
modes of production, processing, processing, disposal and 
promotion of local products. At the same time,
we are connecting academically & research institutes 
with rural and small and medium-sized enterprises. 

Creating networks of Scientists at Regions level for 
technology transfer and knowledge utilization. 
Providing Incentives for Creating Innovation Tools with 
regional and national dimension for selected research purposes 
in specialized fields such as aquaculture, greenhouses 
crops and fruit and vegetables. 

Throughout the country (continental and island) there are many 
livestock farms (mainly small and medium-sized) and from it 
thousands of rural people earn a living 
families, while contributing significantly to the rural 
development. However, it is striking that at 
In Greece, livestock production declines steadily 
in recent years, and that is not enough for them 
meet the internal needs for meat consumption. 

Proposals - measures proposed by the GREEK SOLUTION for 
the development and strengthening of livestock breeding in Greece, 
are the following:Strategic plan to be prepared by the Ministry 
Rural Development and Regions and will include all 
the livestock units by region, the areas which 
and the prospects that exist for further action 
development. 

Special care for pastures. Collaboration with 
regions to record locally available of grazing land. 
All available pastures will be utilized 
of the country and will be given to the farmers
(the area that will rendered will be commensurate 
with the size of each long-term lease, its price 
which will be appreciated as low as possible. 

The HELLENIC SOLUTION seeks to create a strong and 
financially robust Greece and the basis for achieving this 
the aim is primarily to enhance rural / livestock farming 
production.

Further, the proposals - measures of the GREEK SOLUTION for 
the development and enhancement of vegetable cultivation in 
Greece, are the following: Strategic plan to be prepared 
by the Ministry Rural Development and Regions and will include all 
the crops by region and the prospects for them 
further growth and new crops. Special consideration for 
available areas for cultivation per region. Cooperation 
with the regions for the registration of by places of 
cultivation available. They will be utilized all available 
fields of the country and will be attributed to 
long-term tenant farmers, the price it will be low. 

For the GREEK SOLUTION, the support of the farmers is 
obligation, because this is the basis of the national economy and 
Greek region, since farmers are essential 
rural sustainability factors. 
The HELLENIC SOLUTION seeks to create a strong and 
financially robust Greece and the basis for achieving this 
the goal is in addition to enhancing crop production.  

Technological upgrade of production systems with 
application innovative actions, modern systems 
monitoring and disposal, as well as intensive controls.  
Cooperation with the regions of the country for the creation 
new Areas of Organized Aquaculture Development. 

It provides companies with the raw material required, so 
to plan their payments and more generally 
their cash liabilities but also be consistent in 
agreements and clauses for the delivery of products in which 
have progressed. It creates, at the level of 
local communities and markets, a transactional 
in terms of agricultural chain inputs 
(farm supplies, machinery - small tools, animal 
capital - energy), which will give a significant breath 
liquidity, due to the immediate payment of all 
factors necessary for their production 
products. 

This is because tourism is a horizontal one 
activity, affecting many sectors of the economy (e.g. 
focus, accommodation, entertainment, etc.), 
while dealing with many different ones areas of the social 
and productive fabric of our country. 
Therefore, it contributes significantly to GDP and helps to 
the distribution of National Income in its various regions 
Greece.

Tourism is therefore a 'capital' and one of the heavyweights 
industries of our homeland, as it helps the development of all 
of the region and is supported by many of its branches 
Greek Economy. Therefore, tourism is a sector 
which needs special attention and therefore requires a national 
design that includes targeted actions so that 
Greece to become an attractive and integrated tourism product, 
that will be able to attract cutting-edge investment. 

The GREEK SOLUTION proposals for General Tourism are 
specialized measures in the context of national planning for 
tourism development, aimed at creating a stable 
and an attractive environment to attract new tourists, 
meeting the needs of demanding tourists; and 
making profitable investments that can help 
important in the development of the economy and its infrastructure 
country. 

The basic measures of the GREEK SOLUTION for the general 
tourism is as follows: Cooperation with the Municipalities 
and Regions of the country for the recording of tourist 
attractions and attractions of interest in each area, 
so that they can then be prepared plans and integrated 
strategic plans for the protection, highlighting and utilizing 
the natural beauty of the of tourist attractions and 
places of interest region. National plan and measures to lengthen tourism 
period, through the development of alternative forms 
tourism in order to attract new tourists,

Cooperation with the Municipalities and 
Regions of the country for the recording 
of archaeological sites, monuments, etc. 
museums and places of cultural interest each 
and then draw up plans and integrated strategic 
plans for protection, promotion 
and exploiting these points by region. 
Collaboration with local cultural associations for 
holding events (dance, music, theater), 
which can be a tourist attraction as well 
element of strengthening the local economy. 

Cooperation with the Municipalities 
and Regions of the country for 
the recording of churches, monasteries, all places 
pilgrimage and Christian worship, as well as all 
religious events held annually, 
so that plans can be drawn up and completed 
strategic plans for protection, promotion and tourism- 
their actual use. 

Cooperation with the Municipalities and Regions 
of the country for the recording of data 
relating to the natural environment; 
the existence of thermal baths / fountains 
and the prospects for creation medical tourism centers, 
so that they can be trained plans and 
integrated strategic plans for promotion and 
exploiting these points by region. 

Rural tourism is an alternative form of tourism which
grows in the countryside, in rural areas. The tourists who 
interested in agrotourism staying on farms or in 
traditional and low capacity accommodation and 
deal with a wide variety of activities daily 
leisure related to either agricultural / livestock 
production, either by outdoor activities such as mountaineering, h 
hiking and cycling. 

Undoubtedly, Greece is a country conducive to growth 
agrotourism, however - to this day - this form 
restricted to the simple stay of various agrotourists 
destinations with limited reach experiential experiences.
Therefore, a comprehensive and stable training is required 
national plan for the development of rural tourism, which can 
to become an attraction for many tourists, with their 
respective destinations economic benefits for all rural 
livestock areas of Greek territory. 

Cooperation with the Municipalities and Regions 
of the country for the registration of all agricultural and livestock 
destinations of each region, so that they can then be compiled 
plans and integrated strategic plans for the protection, 
highlighting, developing and exploiting these points. 
 
Viewing Greece abroad as the ideal destination 
for rural tourism. Training is required for this purpose 
an integrated and sustainable strategic plan for its promotion 
Greece, Greek agricultural / livestock products and 
of agricultural / livestock operations, throughout 
year, emphasizing intensive actions such as online 
promotion, advertising (television, print), events, reportage 
and participation in tourism fairs. 

This the type of alternative tourism can be part or one 
part of cultural tourism, provided, through traditional 
kitchen, the visitor can be indirectly contacted and 
Get to know local traditions, local cultures 
events, morals, customs, people's habits and 
agricultural activities. Here we have to do something special 
references to the use and supply of local farms; and 
livestock products, traditional raw materials, products 
organic production as well as sawdust protected 
designation of origin (PDO) or geographical indication (PGI).

Promote, promote and organize visits to museums and 
exhibitions related to Greek wine 
(eg Museum Vine and Wine in Naoussa). 
Suggestions for Educational tourism 
Educational tourism can be a part of it 
cultural tourism. It can offer a lot to local 
societies, once they become a pole of attraction 
for the teacher / student tourism. 

Collaborate with the regions to record 
the climatic features of each region and 
the possibilities creation of power generation 
facilities through alternative renewables. 
Providing state support to the patent and 
innovation that is related to energy.

Working with the regions to create one 
energy park by region. Energy parks will be 
open to citizens and schools and will 
have as their primary objective 
informing and raising public awareness of issues 
related to energy. 

Specifically, the GREEK SOLUTION will give immediate priority 
resolving all outstanding issues plaguing her 
Greek reality for decades and especially issues that 
concern the definition of land use, with respect to the environment 
and in the aesthetics of the area, the declassification of forests 
areas that are no longer forested, but only on paper mainly 
within urban and suburban areas, will redefine them 
special tourist zones with high demand for the creation 
new tourism investments, ignoring the various obstacles 
that promote reactionary movements with backward thinking 
or phobic views. 

The first concern of the GREEK SOLUTION in collaboration with 
TECHNICAL CHAMBER OF GREECE (TEE) will be the 
the completion of the National Digital Charter which will cover all 
Greek territory clear and which will include clear and 
comprehensive information on legal and planning status 
prevailing by region, building conditions, their 
environmental constraints, land use, 
cadastral information, etc., so that every citizen or 
investor with a click on the digital map and area 
interested in receiving all the necessary information 
in no time at all, without having to look up 
of existing laws in order to be informed of the whole 
legal and planning status and accordingly evaluate it 
net benefit of his investment. 

The GREEK SOLUTION will be the first in its history 
security control and maintenance of all public 
infrastructure - networks of the country with the 
introduction of Electronic Maintenance Register 
(bridges, roads, airports, ports, sewer networks, floodplains, etc.). 
In the this register will be registered by the regions, municipalities, 
providers etc. all projected maintenance of technical works 
based on Greek and European legislation. 

The HELLENIC SOLUTION will carry out a thorough revision of it 
existing urban planning legislation dealing with 
planning offenses and arbitrariness, in the light of 
effective treatment of arbitrary construction and protection 
of the built environment and not based on its logic 
collecting scraps that unjustly burden the owners 
real estate. 

GREEK SOLUTION will move in the spirit of urban planning 
legality, respecting the applicable statutory conditions 
building by area, respecting the environment and its aesthetics 
structured development, but will in no way impose 
hectares to real estate owners who made 
minor offenses such as internal changes to their property, or 
internal installation variations that do not affect 
the stability and security of the building in general. 

Establishment of specialized innovation parks in various areas 
large regions, where many innovative houses will be housed together 
companies to ensure closer cooperation; and 
better their development. 

Reconstruction of the necessary police stations or 
their branches, in such a way that the Police can 
protects all citizens of the country living in cities or 
in the countryside. 

Higher education will be provided by their constituent institutions 
public law entities with full authority as well 
but also from private academic or technical institutions and 
institutions owned by local authorities. That's it 
these institutions will be under the supervision of the State, but only 
state institutions will be entitled to financial support 
by the State. 

Following the people's decision, a referendum will be adopted 
Election by the respective voters, a local citizen 
practicing law for twenty years as its head 
prosecution of each county for four years. And the rest 
existing prosecutors will normally be professional judges 
officials as they are today.

We are introducing a real decentralization 
of the exercise of power and the establishment
of municipal democracy, not just formal 
bureaucratic decentralization. The presumption 
of competence for the local will be established 
self-government. Any competence is not expressly provided for 
in the central government, this constitution will belong to 
YES. 

Tax collection will be entrusted to the local government and 
from the money she collects, she will withhold her percentage 
it depends on the law, and the rest will be given to the Central 
Government. The authorities of the local authorities
will be elected by universal and secret ballot, by Greek citizens
with two separate ballots, one for the Mayor 
or Regional Governor against one who will be elected 
by an absolute majority and one for the respective 
councils for which their election will be by 
the system of simple analog. In the case of a candidate 
mayor or district governor respectively, did not gather absolute 
by a majority, the election will be repeated next Sunday 
between the two relatively majority. 

Proposed by citizens representing 5% of the electorate 
body, will be mandatory binding local 
referendum on any local issue. Following the people's 
decision by referendum, the electing a local citizen
as police chief each county. Elected local authorities 
will be publicly accountable before the assembly of citizens
and will be automatically deprived of it 
official in the event of their criminal conviction for 
offenses that will be provided by the relevant law on accountability. 

Any property held within 
territory of an OTA 
(buildings, forests, roads, and other real estate 
assets other than those of national defense, 
national energy networks, telecommunications, 
highways and the like railroads), after the 
people's decision by referendum will 
become the owners and management of 
the respective Local Authorities. 

Redesign of disability benefits granted, 
as well as their process by region. 
We decentralize the process and give more 
competences in the Regions and Local Authorities, 
to be as much as their performance and control as
immediate and effective as possible.

Reinstatement of all disability benefits that have been cut 
unfair. There will be cooperation with regions and localities 
competent committees to review all cases 
and receive full benefits and pensions 
real beneficiaries whose decent living is 
almost entirely dependent on the welfare of the state. 

We are implementing a Mental Health and Rehabilitation Plan 
Disabled, with 15-day holidays scheduled for disabled and per 
Region in places suitable for them, in collaboration with 
Regions, Local Authorities and Metropolises. 
Cooperation with Regions, Local Authorities and Metropolises 
all over Greece, in order to allocate the camps that 
exist in Attica and in the Region - they now belong 
to the Local Authorities and assigned to them by the Ministry 
Health - at local handicapped associations or trade unions 
the instruments (ESMA, POSGAMA) to be able to use some 
specific time intervals calendar year 
(e.g. weekends, Christmas, Easter, 
Clean Monday etc) and not just the summer season.

Assessment of teachers at the school unit level. 
At the same time, we adopt the evaluation process 
of the Association of Teachers at the Regional level 
based on and among others the upward trend of 
student ratings compared to other schools in the area. 