The beauty of the European Union is also precisely its diversity. Not everything has to be on it
European level. There is much better for municipalities, regions and countries themselves
can do. Education, care and housing can be arranged well nationally.
European rules should not compel countries to submit to a logic of market
operation and competition.

The European Union is no longer imposing market forces on the
public sector. There are exceptions to the European procurement rules
other local care that municipalities purchase and for primary and secondary education.

We want to get rid of European policy
forcing Member States to increase market forces in the public sector: on residential
market, healthcare and education. We exclude smaller and local services from Europes
procurement rules. Member States that want their health care or public transport to be in public hands
keep or bring, we protect against market rules. Further deepening of the internal
market must be monitored closely for social effects.

We are breaking with the current agricultural policy that encourages farmers to scale up. Euro
European subsidies should become sustainable investments. Invest with the money that is released
we run extra in research, innovation and sustainable infrastructure. European expenditure must
better controlled. European funds should target the regions that have it
need most.

But there on the other hand, there are better, cheaper and faster trains across Europe. The
air quality in cities is improving by leaps and bounds. Nature can recover. U.S
food becomes healthier.

For example, solar energy from southern Europe to northern Europe and
can provide wind and tidal energy from the coastal regions to the interior. We begin this
supernet by integrating regional energy grids such as those of countries around the North Sea.

We want you to travel from any Dutch city by train to Berlin, Copenhagen in a few hours
gene or Milan can come. That is why more fast train connections are needed. It will be
just as easy to book a train ride between Amsterdam and Rome as a flight. The
night train is making a comeback.

Agricultural policy accounts for about 40 percent of the entire budget of Europe
se Union. We now distribute 80 percent of this to only 20 percent of farmers. We make
therefore an end to support for large industrial farmers. We stop with financial incentives
that encourage economies of scale and exports. We are committed to sustainability and regional
production.

Our animals produce
then run far more manure than our soil can handle. We opt for land-based
animal husbandry with regional nutrient cycles and thus without imported animal feed.
Animal-friendly, sustainable agriculture requires a reduction in meat consumption. Meat will
become more expensive: blasts and animal welfare don't mix.

The EU maintains the Services Directive and procurement
against the unwanted market forces in services of general
interest. There should be exceptions to the European procurement law
local care gels that municipalities purchase, for primary and secondary education, for
social services and legal services. State aid rules must
applied less strictly when it comes to public services.

A broad social housing sector should not be constrained
by European market rules. State aid rules for services of general interest
be reviewed so that Member States themselves can target social housing target groups
determine. If local authorities want to intervene to provide access to affordable housing
they are given the space to do so.

Newcomers and local banks can contribute to a stronger one
bond with the local, real economy. Regulations must be applied proportionally
appropriate to promote the pluralism of the banking landscape and not just there
but major banks remain.

The EU is in solidarity with less prosperous regions. Cohesion Policy and
Structural Funds focus on the least prosperous regions in the least prosperous
the countries of the EU and on cross-border projects. Grants only go to
projects that contribute to sustainability and employment, after participation of the local
population. A higher share goes to combating unemployment among young people and
the European Social Fund.

The EU will have a super grid for green energy, a European network of
efficient high voltage cables - preferably undersea and underground - that swing the
the supply of green energy and the connection to sustainable energy
energy sources outside the EU. That supernet is realized by regional
smart integration of energy grids - such as the grid of countries around the North Sea.

All local energy networks in the European Union are becoming 'smart grids',
suitable for receiving, exchanging and temporarily storing small-scale generated
too green energy.

For the medium distance, a fast network will be established
created between metropolises. On the long haul, the night train is making a comeback and
the European network of night trains is being further expanded. Barriers to
international travel is eliminated by better cooperation between national
train providers. Connections between border regions are being improved. Just where this
it is necessary to establish new connections in the network.

Transport of dangerous goods takes place as little as possible through urban areas
place.

The EU temporarily provides additional support to farmers who conduct their business
want to become more sustainable, invest in animal welfare or broaden their activities with
care farms and other forms of rural development

The transition to closed-
agriculture requires
cycle
reducing the import of animal feed such as soy; to begin with, all imports must be
requirements, so that the EU no longer imports animal feed for which it is tropical
forest has been cut down or at the expense of local land use and regional food supply.

Fisheries agreements with countries outside the EU should not be at the expense of
healthy fish stock or the livelihoods of the local population.
Import of fish caught by fishermen in countries outside the EU is preferred over
fishing in waters of countries outside the EU by the European fishing fleet.

The European Commission takes over the management of European
FUNDAMENTAL RIGHTS AND SUBSIDIES
subsidies if a Member State has serious deficiencies in the functioning of the
constitutional state, for example, as now observed in Poland and Hungary. These funds
are now directly given by the European Commission to social organizations
organizations, municipalities and companies.

The right to vote for EU citizens living in another EU country
should be extended to national and regional elections.

an obligation for all (local and national) governments and EU institutions to be sustainable
to purchase and tender, from catering to office buildings;

To
land grabbing, the EU is working towards a stricter international
combat
regulation of land purchases and concessions and for the protection of traditional ones
land (use) rights of local communities. The EU supports the establishment of
land registers to record land rights.