It is necessary to respect the diversity of opinions of individuals,
regions, and in particular the Member States of the European Union, and patiently democratically find solutions
contradictory opinions, which would contribute to further development. 

Simplification of the methodology of drawing EU subsidies. Building a better quality system
legal and administrative assistance to small entities - municipalities, small businesses and
cooperatives - when processing applications as a prerequisite for further economic growth; and
consolidating social stability. These adjustments to the methodology must go hand in hand with uncompromising
combating the misuse of subsidies and increasing their social effectiveness.

Strengthening social and cohesion funds, which create a fairer prerequisite
European Union with a focus on balancing social disparities, social convergence
standards and the protection of public services not only between states but also within their regions.

Paying particular attention to the development of social and publicly beneficial enterprises that would
increase labor law standards of labor and environmental protection and at the same time
they served as instruments for offsetting the negative economic consequences
in the affected regions. We support bottom-up initiatives - social entrepreneurship,
cooperatives, local and shared economies, participation of workers in business management.

We say clear NO to working poverty - income from one job must ensure dignity
life, even in the post-productive age. A necessary condition is to ensure economically viable
housing to all! We are against the wage iron curtain. We fully support it abroad
the posted workers were paid locally. It is necessary to stop any
wage and social dumping.

Strict protection of agricultural land, protection and restoration of scattered greenery
urban greenery, wetland restoration, tree planting, rural landscape maintenance and construction
environmentally friendly housing as an obvious dimension of all economic, social and political
programs of the European Union. Water management buildings built also with the help of the European Union nám
they can provide vital water for future generations.

It is also necessary
promoting regional food production, which creates a positive relationship between producers and consumers
to the region and hinder the creation of dangerous trade monopolies.

Special protection of water resources and rural landscape in the European Union. It is necessary to accept
a comprehensive program to ensure effective soil conservation as a major water retention agent
including wetland restoration and from there to protect water resources for drought.

Ending disadvantageous conditions for Czech farmers! It is necessary to determine the same
and enforceable subsidy policy rules in all Member States while refusing
ceilings of subsidies for medium and large enterprises. Rural development including infrastructure
appropriate subsidies.

Respecting local specificities in traditional regional food.

Greater emphasis on building pan-European information and technical infrastructure, in particular
rail transport, energy infrastructure and the development of the regions of the Union.

Promotion of cooperative and municipal business. Remove restrictions on state aid
such enterprises, on the contrary, grant them the status of special, socially beneficial
importance.