We transcend the false contradiction between man and
nature by focusing fully on innovation and the
latest techniques to improve quality of life.
In our architecture and spatial planning
we pay attention to beauty and small scale. Dat
increases the quality of life and helps us to become a top Region
to become.

We continue to focus on collaboration
between schools, sports clubs and local boards with
with the aim of maximizing multifunctional use
of school infrastructure.

The N-VA stands for a solid and cordial asylum
andmigration policy. This is how we want migration
make a positive story again . We do that
by not going through the inflow passively but
by working on a policy of harmonious
immigration that takes into account our cultural,
economic and social support. A policy that
strengthening our society instead of weakening it.
To this end, the N-VA wants a regulated, organized
and limited migration policies. In our confederal
model, the regions become responsible for it
migratiebeleid. We have to be able to choose who and who we are
how many people we give right of residence.

To put an end to unclear policies of
in the past, we opt for a stronger focus
collective shelter, primarily in the regions
of origin. We prefer quality care
in the region of origin above intercontinental
migratie. On the spot we help with the development of
safe havens without human trafficker
come in handy.

Collective shelter, no local shelter initiatives

Economic migrants must
be self-reliant and cannot be held liable
social security. The right to social assistance
we only assign who to a series strictly
conditions are met so that we work at maximum
of activation. At the same time, we provide additional
accountability of municipalities that are not in this area
appropriate action.

Our goal is a well-thought-out zero-tolerance policy .
Everyone must abide by the rules. doet
if not, the government must act. een
however , integral security approach can only
work if there is an intelligent information flo
and collaboration between all actors: the
citizens, the municipality, police, parquet, tax and
social tracking services,…

The N-VA stands for a coordinated, adult
security policy based on structural
collaboration and information sharing. The Channel Plan
is the pioneer and the school example of one
deep collaboration in the field between
police, parquet, municipality, Alien Service,
social and tax inspection and tracking services, ...

The N-VA starts the fight with the organized
crime : drug production and drug trafficking
human trafficking, money laundering
through real estate and restaurants, for example. Unfortunately the
administrative enforcement for many local boards still
often too complex.

We have to continue the track
and continue to invest in our intelligence and
security services . But the available
resources are of course limited. That's why we go
initially looking for efficiency gains,
through far-reaching cooperation between local people
police zones and scale ups due to mergers.

In a confederal system, the regions have
of course the full power over it
security policy and we work with a confederate
Security cell for combating large scale
misdaad.

We continue to support the local boards
their directing role in the prevention of radicalization of
often young Muslims.

The mayor is given the opportunity to pledge
close if there are indications that there is
called for violent radicalization.

We continue on the beaten track and re-look
the conditions for recognition of local
geloofsgemeenschappen. We focus on the
local embedding, the positive role in the community
and curbing unwanted foreign inmenging.

The Antwerp Power Plan must be geographical
are expanded to include shifts from it
criminal activity area. This is one
unique collaboration in the field between local and
federal police, social and financial inspection, parquet
and urban security services (building supervision,
housing quality, fire safety…).

Criminals are increasingly using it
business and investment to make their money white
washing or expanding their criminal practices.
The mayor needs an integrity check
to the business owners
and if necessary close the premises or permit
intrekken

To the operation of the police services at local
level to strenghten, we focus even more
collaborations between local police zones and fusies.
We are reviewing the financing of the local
police zones without the deductions of individual
zones decline.

We continue to focus on better accountability
from the local police . Better cooperation also
and synergies between local and federal police
make use of the available resources
coefficients

We want the community service on one
in a more compelling way. We
also provide for the possibility of higher GAS fine
in case of recurrence. In addition, we are working on one
central register of administrative penalties and
maatregelen. Municipalities get checked
Toegang.

The powers of fire brigade, civilian
protection, emergency planning and emergency centers
be transferred to the regions, like it
Brussels Capital Region is already competent today
is for the fire department. That's how it exists today
area of fire prevention federal standards on it
level of construction and regional standards for the
Exploitatie. These regulations are not complementary
and at certain points even contradictory and so
onwerkbaar. Together with the powers must
Of course, the necessary donations are also transferred
worden.

Thereby we avoid conflicts of power between
courts and we give the corps chief more
capabilities to provide necessary functions within it
to fill the district efficiently and to judge
specialize.

We are vying for our own court for Halle-
Vilvoorde, separate from Brussels so Halle-Vilvoorde
finally, a full judicial district
wordt.

Today Huwen can only be in the municipality where you are
domiciled. But people do not always have
a bond with the place where they live or want to
love to marry where their roots or heart lie.

The detention in smaller detention centers takes precedence
can be given to offenders between 18 and
25 years incarcerated for the first time, whether or not
not in provisional detention. Condition is that there
the locals near the detention center
is a support and that the detention houses are sufficien
be secure.

We optimize the regional distribution of the
kwartieren. We open an additional land fight
unity
in Flanders and rationalize where
mogelijk. S tapsgewijs moderniseren WE de militaire
quarters in a sustainable way . They become
transformed into an attractive working environment. We
have additional attention for the welfare of the
militairen.

Flanders spins good numbers and knows the highest
degree of efficiency ever. The backlog of
Unfortunately, Brussels and Wallonia remain remarkably large. een
fundamental solution for the greatly different
regional labor markets are only possible if the
regions are responsible for policy
on labor costs and social benefits, and for it
activeringsbeleid.

The regions are given complete autonomy
a mandatory long-term community service
fill in job seekers as a step in their journey to
Werk.

We outline a process with a multidisciplinary
approach and involvement of both the treating
doctor, consulting physician, occupational physician
service and staff service of the employer, as of
the specialized counseling and employment services
of the regional services (VDAB, Forem,
Actiris). We strengthen the impact of the Flemish
support premium (VOP) as support for the
recruiting and retaining a job.

For the unfair competition in the context of
combat secondment within Europe,
we are doing a partial taxation of the
social security in risk sectors. Let's go
also for better information exchange and
cooperation between the various national and regional
inspection services in such sectors as
transport, construction and cleaning.

Guarding a level playing fiel
this is fundamental for all companies.
Unfair competition, unfair commercial practices
and abuse of power. So support
we also have our strong city and village cores with
a bustling middle ground, where we find our local
give dealers the necessary breathing space.

We put the benefits of Flemish and local
buy in the paint. We emphasize this
the top quality and durability of our Flemish
vakmanschap. Flanders must be a quality brand
are synonymous with his innovation
entrepreneurship with successful start-ups and scale-ups
and its rich cultural tradition.

We go for a diverse range and top quality
an affordable price in the telecom sector. We worry
for better market functioning. Flanders becomes
leader in 5G by being the first region 5G throughout
territory.

We continue to invest in research and development
so that Flanders is the 3% standard for investment
in research and development.
This will strengthen our foundations
knowledge economy based on innovative Flemish
technology, we give our companies a
competitive advantage and we anchor Flanders
internationally as an innovative region.

We roll City of Things, the test garden for the
city of the future, all over Flanders,
so that Flemish cities and municipalities can know
exchange, share investment costs or even
be able to use concrete applications of each other
such as smart traffic lights, parking guidance,
measuring air pollution, smart waste management, smart
energy consumption, and so on.

We make a clear choice
a transparent operation of the tenancy system and
written (lease) agreements. We run one
full flemish agricultural and rural policy and
stop the fragmentation of (rural) resources
through provincial policy.

A complete regionalization of food safety
insists. That way we can become an independent
Establishment of Flemish Food Agency.

This is why the N-VA made a leaner,
modern government with strong local governments. The
provinces were slimmed down, both in powers
as in political mandates and posts. The number
provincial councilors were halved from 350 to
175, and the number of deputies went by county
from 6 to 4. The integration of OCMW and municipality
in one local government strengthened the local social
policy, while at least 925 political mandates
have been deleted.

Get local businesses, startups and SMEs
in government purchases specific attention so that
we strengthen our Flemish economic fabric and
at the same time promoting sustainability.

The N-VA wants to get rid of the language facilities
in the facility communities. The language facilities in this
municipalities have not led to the integration of the
foreign-language population.

The N-VA continues to advocate for the complete abolition
of the provincial administrative level. The remaining
powers must be transferred to
the cities and municipalities or, if appropriate, to
the Flemish level. We aim at structural regionalism
collaboration of municipalities within which all
competences with regional problems

We continue to focus on merging municipalities
to create larger, more professional local governments
that can provide better services
to their residents. The municipal fund will be
adjusted, taking into account the new
administrative structure.

We simplify the range of independence
and forms of collaboration that exist today
local authorities. Hereby it stands
attention to democratic governance and
accountability up front.

So there is also a need for pensions in pensions
accountability of all governments. Vandaag
is often the opposite. In our confederal
model the communities become responsible
for their pension policy, just like a further one
shift of powers in accordance with us
Confederate model must ensure that the regions
social security as a whole on point
zetten.

The federal government monitors the impact of the
pension reform on local governments
and supports where possible with, among other things
incentives for accountability. The shift of
statutes towards contractual brings local
namely a heavy financial gambler.

Simple whoever speaks the language of the region is allowed
to appeal uitoefenen. The issuing of the visa can do this
to be linked.

We encourage referral by the GP
to the emergency and specialist services. Zo gaan we
improper use of speed. We worry
for strong, accessible and more efficient regional
GPs so that the first line care
during the day and at night.

We see local
service centers as a local hub that is neighborhood oriented
werkt. In addition to their role as meeting place for
elderly, they can also be opened to the
neighborhood and multifunctional deployments.

We bring the problem of loneliness
a map. Based on this we work a Flemish
support strategy out to the approach of
loneliness by supporting local governments
and sensitize.

In addition, move
we move into more local service centers, centers for
day care, night care or short stay. Ten
Finally, caregivers deserve a sound board via e.g.
lotgenotengroepen.

More than ever, our society is under pressure.
She has evolved greatly over the last few decades with one
increasing diversity in many cities and municipalities.
The new societal problems that this brings with it
entails an additional challenge.

We provide the autonomy of local OCMWs and
to apply penalties to living wage earners
refuse to pursue a path to work and integration
vang.

The fight against sexual and intra-family violence
remains a priority for the N-VA. That's why we roll
the care centers after sexual violence in every province and
the " family justice centers" further out. For the specifi
problem of stalking we expand the stalking app
further out to prevent such deadly victims.

a key step
without alternatives to security of supply
with CO2-free sources; one over-subsidized
renewable energy system; a VAT reduction
as an election stunt. Therefore, it is essential that
thoroughly substantiate every future decision
one digit and that subsidies that the invoice
objections, be reduced. To make it a good one
to complete, it is essential that the energy and
climate policy is integral to the regions.

We put technology neutrality first and foremost
without taboos, all energy sources are compared to each other
shaping our future energy mix. Van
renewable energy and synthetic fuels
to thermal power plants and nuclear energy.
No more emergency solutions but a well thought out,
forward-looking approach.
This does not only apply to Flemish and national
level but also at the European level. Because of it
We will further strengthen our European network
us as a region and as a Union.

Collaborations with
neighboring countries around new big projects
renewable energy can, as long as they can
serves to achieve our own goals, they a
contributes to our security of supply and
provides local employment and an economic
RETURN.

Heat grids , where appropriate, are important
instrument to enable the energy transition
spouse. These can, after all, be the residual heat of
companies, green heat from local sustainable
biomass and geothermal transport to consumers
in the neighborhood.

But we also need all citizens
to account for the effects of water deficiency and
- to mitigate nuisance by efficient and localized water
use for example rain water wells,
to infiltrate excess water and to less stress.

We encourage even more
cities to create a low-emission zone in it
city; we are committed to emission-free public
transport in the city centers and stimulate emission-free
delivery to commercial businesses.

Anchorages that are eligible as
Heritage landscapes are often rich in valuable
natuur. Through the spatial policy and the
we protect valuable policies
landscapes active as a regional identity.

We make connections between important ones
groenclusters. Flanders identifies for this
priority networks that become regional
aangepakt.

When designing our urban space and
buildings, we immediately create space for the
nature that belongs there.

In Flanders, many agencies are active in this area
water policy: polders and irrigations, basin committees,
municipalities, provinces, the VMM, the Flemish
Waterweg nv,… This fragmented landscape leads
regularly to problems. The N-VA wants the management of
the navigable and non-navigable watercourses
join one hydrographic basin to it
example of the Dutch water boards.

We encourage cities to introduce a LEZ ; we
Focus on emission-free public transport and distribution
in the city centers.

Flanders encourages municipalities
animal friendly

Flanders requests all municipalities to apply
close to a recognized animal shelter.

Compaction and commitment to urban development
does not mean that everyone should go into the city
won. Our national cores can also be strengthened
so as to prevent the fragmentation.

We provide a unique living room locally
energy box . With this we can give the citizen one
offer better services, and knowledge bundelen.

Binnen een gemeente of regions lat w th the sociale
residential actors join forces . They can
as "residential companies" social rent, modest
rent for starters and social rent from private
offer housing to the citizen via one box office

Local binding remains a priority criterion. Burgers
can make their wishes known where they are
want to live.

Flanders and the municipalities are taking over
hand

We build the basic powers
of the provinces further a f and teaching them
Flanders or the municipalities.

We evaluate the Flemish guardianship in the residential area.
and spatial policy. The guiding principle is: “no
patronage, but trust ”. The municipalities must
or show that they are worth the trust
by applying the regulations correctly

We have an active land policy. Via
we give the government the right of pre-emption
to be able to do the urban renewal in good jobs
Leiden. We encourage the local authorities to
to actively combat vacancy and neglect and
to focus on interwoven functions. een
green-blue penetration and a green, qualitative
and accessible open space in the neighborhood becomes the
standard in development projects.

The Flemish Rand around Brussels is still more than other
those regions facing a specific problem
metrics of de-landing, internationalization and
verstedelijkingsdruk. The consequences are felt
the level of land and housing prices, mobility, under
wise, well-being and social fabric.

The Flemish Rand is a strategic area without
core city . Brussels does not play the role of city center
for the Rand as opposed to other city centers.

The current additional resources for some
municipalities with center function in the Rand continue to be
and be expanded.

N-VA wants to continue the Flemish border policy specificall
and structurally strengthen. N-VA therefore advocates the
establishment of a Flemish Rand Fund - by analogy
with the Flemish Brussels Fund - to provide an answer
on the metropolitan effects. The Flemish Rand Fund
will be available to the Minister for
the Flemish Rand to further the policy in the region
ondersteunen. In this way, more effective action can be taken -
to alleviate the backlog in terms of childcare, care,
to accelerate well-being and education and to make one
strengthen Dutch language and integration policy.

N-VA also wants to proactively focus on initiatives
to strengthen the social fabric of the region, not
only aimed at newcomers. Via impulse subsidies
we encourage associations, municipalities and other local people
actors to include this glove.

N-VA is for stand to get the local authorities closer to the platform
to get involved. With N-VA we support the memo
randum of the mayors' future forum from Halle-Vilvoorde.

The Flemish Rand must be a strong brand for N-VA
worden. We support Ring TV as an identity promend
medium. This beautiful region must remain green-
(preserving the open space). We are building one
clear tourist profile

Community centers, integration projects and first line
functioning in these municipalities are foundations for it
strengthening the Flemish (associations) life in 'the
ZES '.

The airport as
economic growth pool must be able to continue to grow,
within clearly defined boundaries that take into account
with the livability of the region around it.

The municipalities of the Flemish border
receive significantly less federal funding for poli than
the other municipalities with similar problems matiek.

We focus on the traveler with the transport regions
and basic accessibility. The transport region takes care
for integrated mobility planning in the fiel
of public transport, bicycle, car traffic and others

We provide better connections between
trains with each other and with the regional
vervoersmaatschappijen.

Traffic safety in school environments is crucial.
We focus on school streets. No Solingen
We work from schools on busy (regional) roads
maximum away.

'Culture' is much more than just theater, dance or
muziek. It is our language, our culinary tradition, ours
fashion academies, the style of our historic cities
our traditions, etc. Culture is theater,
is music and literature, is dance, but is also heritage,
our youth and leisure activities, be it sports, media,
tourism and even diplomacy.

Through the local youth councils and
our numerous youth organizations are becoming new
generations have been involved with us from a young age
Samenleving.

No coincidence, therefore, is our Flemish culture
internationally a strong brand. The past years
we have our Flemish mastery locally and
internationally painted. That must
we dare to move on.

Flanders State of the Art 'and our' Flemish craftsmanship '
differentiate Flanders from other destinations
and form the heart of our story. One driven
regional branding and image formation profile Flanders
even more so as an absolute quality destination. In
We also work with local partners
local ambassadorship.

We aim for sustainable tourism with a longer
length of stay and develop a policy regarding
of repeat visitors. We search together with the
sector to opportunities for our art cities
to connect with other cities, the regions, or with
it's own hinterland. That can be done through
thematic routes.

For large restorations or redeployment projects
that are part of urban development projects
is working with project directors who care
for the integral consideration of all interests and with
all partners work together.

We carry a full range of landscapes
landscaping so that we have our most valuable
cultural-historical landscapes again and better
beschermen. The big challenge is getting within this
developments an integrated approach for one
qualitative development of the landscape
to bring. So it can be spatial, heritage, it
nature, rural and agricultural policy better
be coordinated with each other.

We maintain and strengthen the label
'child-friendly cities and municipalities', what the locals
to increase focus for children and young people.
Municipalities wishing to obtain this label must
show that they earn it through efforts
supply for their youngest citizens across different
policy domains.

We take care of sports at school just after the
school hours , in every municipality and in as many as possible
scholen.

We build the database of Sport Flanders
further out to the central collection point of
information, including sports infrastructure
Vlaanderen. In this way, for example, we help
municipalities that want to work together on top premises
sports infrastructure to find partners.

Flanders profiles itself as the top region
international business.

Flanders should be able to join
decide on the geographical distribution of the
federal diplomatic posts. We need to be present
are important for the future or strategically important
regions and countries. The network must be flexible so that
it can be dynamically adjusted to the current ontwikkelingen.

Subsidiarity, responsibility and solidarity - and
but in that order - our guide. We want to
a European Union that sets realistic goals
and above all first performs what has already been agreed upon.
More Europe is not always better. We choose one
Europe that generates added value for
Flanders, built from below and
is rooted in the citizens.

Just like the states in the Confederation Belgium
own the powers and decide which
powers are exercised confederately, stand
the members only delegate powers to the European
Union as all its members see an added value in it. In
decision making within the European institutions
the existing majority rules are applied
with respect for the principle of subsidiarity. Daarin
can Flanders more closely in his own interest
collaborations with certain Member States or within the
Design Benelux.

The N-VA wants a European Union of unity
in variety. We watch over the respect
for languages, cultures, peoples and the regional
self-government in the Union. We choose a European
Union loyal to its motto of unity
variety, counteracting the unnecessary regulatory pressure,
first performs what is already decided before they are new
drafting legislation and focusing on policy domains
that offer added value.

For the N-VA it is absolutely necessary the
to strengthen the protection of our external borders
and stop illegal migration. Just as foreseen
of shelter in the region and the closure of readmission
chords is that essential to uncontrolled
to prevent migration.

In the Confederation Belgium are Flanders and Wallonia
fully responsible for your own expenses
and own income. The same applies in principle
for the Brussels-Capital region. Taxes that
relate to personal matter
are located near Flanders and Wallonia. Taxes that
relate to grounded matter
are located in Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels-
Hoofdstad

Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels Capital Region
are each responsible for complying with the
European rules on budgetary and economic policy.

In principle, the German-speaking region makes for her
financing agreements with Wallonia. In the absence of
consensus, the German-speaking region enjoys autonomy
to acquire the powers they need acht.

Just like today, the municipalities can have one
levy additional tax on the personal tax
of their inhabitants.

The personenbelasting wordt, zoals in andere conditions,
levied in the residence of the taxpayer.
In the Brussels-Capital region, every resident can
via the so-called. Brussels choice itself decide whether he
under the Flemish or Walloon system of
personal tax selected.

Voor de vennootschapsbelasting wordt de belastbare
base at the confederal level harmonized, this ter
for the sake of uniform accounting rules and in
awaiting further European harmonization.
The existing scheme is the starting point. een
change in the taxable basis is only possible with
agreement in the Belgian Council. Flanders, Wallonia
and the Brussels Capital Region are competent for it
rate, tax deductions, tax reductions and
increases and tax credits.

For a company that has branches in more than
one area (Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels region)
Capital) the taxable basis is distributed over the
two or three areas where it is active. The distribution
happens (as in Germany, for example) according to the
wage mass, viz. the gross wages of all employees
which employs the company in each of the areas

Also on the property withholding tax, the
municipalities are still raising incentives.

Flanders, Wallonia and in some cases also the
The Brussels-Capital region are responsible for
social protection and income and
social security spending.

For all aspects related to the
workplace or the employment contract (technical
unemployment, temporary disability,
maternity leave, work accidents, labor law,
social consultation,…) the same rights apply
all employees in the same workplace. For this one
so people are covered by the scheme
of the place where they work as defined in the
employment contract (Flanders, Wallonia or
the Brussels Capital Region).

The connection to the Flemish or Walloon social
security is based on the residence of the
verzekerde. In the Brussels-Capital region, anyone can
resident by the Brussels choice itself decide to join it
Flemish or to join the Walloon system.

For all work-related aspects of the social
security are Flanders, Wallonia and the region
Brussels-Capital responsible. Just because
the direct connection with the workplace, applies
the same for labor law, social consultation,
the pay and working conditions and the conversion
of the international (European) standards on
working hours, shifting and night work and safety
at work.

Flanders and Wallonia are fully responsible
for the employee and employer contribution,
as well as the benefits. For the sake of the match
treatment of colleagues within the same company,
becomes the employer contribution for personal bound
risks in the Brussels-Capital region calculated as
a weighted average of the contribution rate
Flanders and Wallonia.

The inning van de sociale bijdragen gebeurt the door
deelstaten. Work in the Brussels-Capital region
they together so that one service serves the inning and the
distribution to the various authorities.
Residents moving to and from abroad
or building mixed states (pensions)
rights, just like this one today, for example
is the case for those who build a mixed career
as an employee, official and / or self-employed.

A strong Flemish economy
Wealth - and therefore well-being - stands or falls with one
healthy economy and strong businesses. In the
Confederation Belgium have Flanders, Wallonia
and the Brussels-Capital region, in addition to the tax
autonomy, all powers and instruments
under your own responsibility an economic
to implement policies tailored to their size
answers their insights.

On top of the powers they have as a Region
federal federal already, they become complete
responsible for foreign trade .

Police services on one level
Whoever is authorized to write the laws is best disposed
about the necessary instruments for its compliance
to enforce. Flanders, Wallonia and the region
Brussels-Capital are responsible for the organization,
the operation and organization of the police services
their territory, as well as the regulations on it
the private security services.

The security cell
also observes the mission of the State Security,
which is staffed by experts delegated by
Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels Capital Region.
Politically, the Confederate Minister of Security is
bevoegd.

Energy as a fuel for our community
Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels Capital Region
are responsible for the energy policy

Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels Capital Region
decide whether or not to appeal
kernenergie. Flanders, Wallonia and the region
The Brussels Capital is in charge of nuclear
security in their territory, in line with the
European rules.

In a confederate Belgium are Flanders, Wallonia
and responsible for the Brussels Capital Region
traffic safety and are competent for training,
infrastructure and enforcement

Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels Capital Region
are the owner of and responsible for the
railway infrastructure and those on the railways
related land and real estate on their territory.
The operation of the railway network is regulated
by Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels region
Hoofdstad.

She is put together with experts
from the federal states and the Brussels-Capital region
and she advises the various governments at the
preparation of relevant investment plans
have cross-border services,
determines the rates and divides the income between
the train companies that cross the border
opereren.

Building on Flemish housing policy
Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels Capital Region
are responsible for the housing policy on them
grondgebied. In the context of their fiscal autonomy
for example, they can take measures to
support the acquisition of property and the private
rental market.

Integrated fire brigade and civil protection
Flanders, Wallonia and the Brussels Capital Region
are responsible for the organization and operation
of the fire service and civil protection
their territory.

Migration that strengthens the community
In the Confederation Belgium are Flanders and Wallonia
responsible for migration policy . In the
the Brussels-Capital region chooses the family reunifier
labor, knowledge or medical migrant for the Flemish
or the Walloon procedure and so does one
Brusselkeuze

For the relocations between Flanders and Wallonia
and for the changes of the Brussels choice to the
the Brussels-Capital region becomes the model of the
passenger traffic between the Member States of the European Union
Union applied.

Responsibility for our living environment
In the Confederation Belgium are Flanders, Wallonia
and the Brussels-Capital Region responsible
for the environment policy (and thus the climate policy),
animal welfare, sustainable development and the
productbeleid.

Because Flanders, Wallonia and in different
domains also tax the Brussels-Capital region
autonomous, they can control their fiscal policy
efforts to achieve climate and environmental goals.

International climate objectives of the
Confederation Belgium is the sum of the objectives
of Flanders, Wallonia and, where appropriate,
the Brussels-Capital region. If the international
community and / or the European Union a ('national')
impose an objective on the Confederation, the
Belgian Council the distribution key.

The Confederation Belgium consists of the two states
Flanders and Wallonia. In the Confederacy
the Brussels-Capital region and the German-speaking region one
special statute.

Flanders has full power of authority in the present
provinces of Antwerp, Limburg, East Flanders,
Flemish Brabant, West Flanders and the territorial
Wateren. Wallonia has full powers of competence
the current provinces of Hainaut, Liège, Luxembourg,
Names and Walloon Brabant. The two states practice
in the Brussels-Capital region the personal ties
powers. Brussels remains the capital of
Vlaanderen.

The Brussels-Capital region and the German-speaking region
have specific policy powers. For the
The Brussels-Capital region is particularly concerned
grounded powers such as police, mobility,
environment and economic policy.

The German-speaking region is practicing on its territory
the powers of the current German
Gemeenschap. She can, by mutual agreement
take over Wallonia's powers. In the absence of
consensus, the German-speaking region has the right to the
to possess the powers they deem necessary.

The decor,
composition and operation of the Flemish institutions
is determined by a two-thirds majority. In
in the Brussels-Capital region, this happens with a
qualified majority, that is, one
two-thirds majority in the regional parliament and one
majority in each language group of that regional parliament.

At the
designation of its 25 members fits Flanders the
proportional representation and guarantees it
the representation of members of Brussels
Capital Region Parliament. Wallonia gives
the same guarantees for the Brussels Capital
regional parliament and for the Parliament of the
German-speaking region.

Cooperation in the Confederation; the
relations between the states, the region
Brussels-Capital and the Belgian Government. ook
the cooperation agreements between, among others,
Flanders and Wallonia are being worked out;

The Council can
be expanded with the Prime Minister of the
the Brussels-Capital region and / or the German-speaking region
when the topic to be addressed requires this.

The Council of Ministers consists of the relevant minister (s)
of the Flemish Government, the Walloon Government, and
where appropriate, the Government of the Brussels Region-
Capital and / or the German-speaking region.

Via a confederal body with delegation from both
the two states are jointly responsible for the
collection and control in the Brussels-Capital region.

In the Brussels-Capital region
the fee for financing the
costs for the joint administration of
VAT, customs and excise duties.

The states regulate solidarity. They provide
first of all in a temporary solidarity mechanism
to make the transition from federal to confederate
and Flanders and Wallonia
guarantee a similar relative starting position.
They also organize solidarity with the region
Brussels-Capital within its financin
international and metropolitan function.

The current Brussels Capital Region, the 19th
municipalities and the Brussels agglomeration
merged into one administrative level: the region
Brussels Capital.

The new parliament of the Brussels region-
The capital consists of 70 members and becomes direct
elected by all residents of the region. Your
is a guaranteed representation of
at least 15 members from each of the two language groups.

In certain matters, including linguistic
and cultural protection, delegation of powers
to the districts and furnishings of their own
institutions, Parliament decides with qualifie
majority.

Also the nineteen OCMWs
are merged into one OCMW with one
guaranteed representation of each language group
and with decentralized social housing. So will the
force of the Brussels-Capital region at, below
more, increase poverty reduction.

Administrative proximity also remains in a big city
Of course essential: Brussels becomes
decentralized with districts to the example
of Antwerp and Paris. The districts fall broadly
together with the current municipalities. The region
Brussels Capital may have powers on one
delegate symmetrically to the districts.
So every district gets the same powers, though
the region still has the opportunity
to make ultimate decisions. Every district counts
at least one district vessel from each of the two
taalgroepen.

Neighborhoods and neighborhoods support local life
and can be an engine of social cohesion, for sure
for foreigners of Brussels origin. Therefore, will
deploy the Brussels-Capital Region to a sound one
neighborhood operation, with financial but mainly logistics
support for neighborhood initiatives.

A stronger Brussels
A stronger Brussels means a more powerful one
Brussel. A Brussels that is responsible. zoals
described above takes the Brussels-Capital region
the current powers of Brussels
Capital Region, Brussels agglomeration and
the 19 municipalities.

In addition, the region is given new powers .
The current federal powers that can
be qualified as grounded,
assigned to Flanders, Wallonia and to
the Brussels-Capital region. So she will be new
get socio-economic powers to a
to implement customized and targeted policies.

Meer bevoegdheden grazing kent ook meer
responsibility . The Brussels Capital Region
is no longer funded with no obligation
donations from the federal treasury but will continue to be
to a large extent responsible for one's own
expenses and income

The capital of
the Confederation Belgium must have a structural political
cooperation between the Brussels-Capital Region and
the states.

In the Flemish Parliament there are at least six
members elected by voters living in Brussels.
They also sit in the parliament of the
the Brussels-Capital region and thus cover one
dubbelmandaat.

In the Belgian Councils of Ministers will be the Flemish
Government, the Walloon Government and the Government of the
regularly discuss the Brussels-Capital Region
the capital and international role of Brussels.
The composition of the delegations may change
depending on the agenda. The consultation focuses
on mobility, safety, urban design,
bilingualism, ...

By contrast, the finding that the
international and metropolitan function of
Brussels incurs extra costs. Op
basis of clear agreements, transparency and
response states, the states can provide a
additional funding in the Council.

In the Belgian Councils of Ministers there are regular
consulted between the Flemish Government and the
Dutch-speaking members of the government of the region
Brussel-Hoofdstad. A similar consultation exists
today on the French-speaking side.

The parliament of the Brussels-Capital region can
a member of the Flemish or Walloon Government
ask for advice. This is possible provided there is a majority
request in Parliament or in a language group
or provided an advisory question from the regional government.

The principle of bilingualism of the service
which now applies to the administration of Brussels
The Capital Region is therefore being replaced
by the principle of bilingualism of all
government personnel , without distinction, as now
is already the case for the municipal administration.

Whoever makes the Flemish Brussels choice, points - next
of course the members of the parliament of the region
Brussels-Capital - the six members of the Flemish
Parliament to those also in the parliament of the region
Brussels-Capital city seat.

Just like the
states in the Confederation Belgium own
the powers and decide which powers
the members are confederate
only assign powers to the European Union as
all its members see an added value in it. In the
decision making within the European institutions
the existing majority rules are applied
with respect for the principle of subsidiarity.

Other powers
belong at Member State or local level because of the
excessive heterogeneity costs. That's the cost
for bringing together sometimes divergent visions
of the Member States.

Sometimes the EU needs a common
frame (pedestal) with sufficient flexibilit
for the Member State or region to add their own accents
leggen. Then the EU needs a big finger in the porridge
Hebben

The European Union only recognizes states as a member. That prevents it
not that Flanders and Wallonia, and prevalent
in the case of the Brussels-Capital Region and the German-speaking
region, get a decisive vote at the
preparation, determination and follow-up of it
European policy in Belgium.

That point of view
is determined in the context of the Belgian (Minister)
Council, in a direct dialogue between Flanders,
Wallonia, and where appropriate the Brussels region-
Capital and the German-speaking region.

Communicate with Europe
Flanders and Wallonia, and where appropriate the
the Brussels-Capital Region and the German-speaking region, report
separate
to Europe individually about their
obligations (stability and reform programs)
within the framework of the European semester, action plans in it
framework of the EU2020 objectives,…).

Since the Confederation Belgium calls for the EU
remains open to the commitments of the states and
the regions must make those clear agreements about
the distribution of liability (for example, a
penalty imposed by the EU).