From the PSOE we will fight for an EU that leaves no one behind , in
in line with the provisions of the 2030 Agenda , especially those
young people , as well as the convergence of European citizens and
of their regions.

The promotion and encouragement of policies and programs is of vital importance
funds that help combat rural depopulation and fix
population , particularly young people , in rural areas, improving the
access to basic public services as well as opportunities
of job creation in line with Parliament resolution

We will propose the necessary measures to promote the flows of
regular migration , in collaboration with the countries of origin and with
the regional organizations such as the Union for the Mediterranean or
the African Union , in addition to reinforcing the European mission of
rescue and rescue in the Mediterranean.

We will support neighborhood instruments in the countries of the
region with our southern shore neighbors in their development and in the
regulation of migratory flows , guaranteeing respect for
human rights .

We will strengthen the connection between European parliamentarians and their
voters , with the opening of new offices of attention to the
citizens ; and we will strengthen the relationship of the European Parliament with
national and regional parliaments , promoting and making visible the
work of the interparliamentary conferences (COSAC) .

We will promote the Europe of the regions and local authorities ,
improving its mechanisms for participation in European politics and
spreading the knowledge of citizens about them, encouraging
the participation in the respective governments.

We advocate reinforcing the role of the Committee of the Regions and
Municipalities as EU institution and enhance the
participation of the Autonomous Communities in the exercise of
European policy of Spain in the field of its powers .

We will launch the Spinelli Program , to promote that each
city council of Europe designates a councilor in charge of establishing
a permanent space for information, training and debate on
European affairs.

We will also support all twinning initiatives and
exchange at the local level, between member countries and candidates. Everything
This will contribute to overcoming barriers and nationalisms , and to the
full long-term conformation of a European demos .

PROMOTE INCLUSIVE, SAFE CITIES,
RESILIENT AND SUSTAINABLE 

8. Protection of public services
European, national and local authorities must retain full rights
to introduce, adopt, maintain or revoke measures related to the
commissioner, organization, financing and service provision
public. 


