We need a fundamentally different Europe. A Europe based on
cooperation, solidarity, public investment and balanced regional development.
A continent that activates the wealth of the wealthiest to make industrial investments,
ecological and social. A Europe based on citizen participation, not contempt
to people.

We are modifying the European System of Accounts (SEC2010) to remove the
shackles imposed on states and municipalities, which constitutes a major obstacle to
ambitious public investments.

The European Future Fund gives priority to structurally weak regions or
who have suffered greatly from the crisis and the austerity policies. The focus is on
public investments focused on quality of life, social justice and protection
of the climate.

Instead of amortizing an investment over
several years, this amount must be fully recognized in the year of the loan. The
investments made by local authorities are likely to be strongly
affected. These local investments represent, nevertheless, a third of the investments
public. Without them, the maintenance and renovation of local infrastructure will be compromised.
Under the old accounting standards of ESA 95, the municipalities have found a
flaw in the establishment of public-private partnerships. In fact, it was almost never
entirely public domain. The new SEC 2010 blocks this lifeline by
expanding the definition of "public administration": many private companies are
now qualified as public administration. According to the National Bank, this has caused
Belgium almost 500 million additional public debt. Projects

The Union had officially set itself the goal of guaranteeing equal living conditions in all
the regions. However, European treaties define economic policy above all for
increase "competitive capacity" and "competitiveness". This is done at the expense of a
equitable, sustainable and socially just regional development. Inequalities between
regions of the European Union and within countries are increasing. Market forces and
free competition strengthens strong regions and weakens weak regions. The plans
investment funds should target as a priority the countries that have the
suffered more from austerity measures and the crisis. Financial support programs
should help the weakest regions first. 

Soon, part of the European funds for social affairs, cohesion, agriculture,
fisheries or regional development could also be used for
"Structural reforms" within the framework of the European Semester. These funds should
contribute to local development, but the Semester does exactly the opposite: a policy
strict austerity across the Union. In other words, European cohesion funds
create less cohesion and more degradation and competition.
We thought we had seen everything! But it doesn't stop there. Funds for local SMEs will
more and more often allocated to larger companies, much more
larger than the average for SMEs, such as market capitalization companies
medium or mid caps with market capitalizations of up to one billion euros

We oppose it. European funds should be allocated as needed
local and social and not to prestigious projects for the sole benefit of the wealthy. Funds
European structural and investment funds must be used to stem the worst abuses
uneven development and to give impetus to local development. We want
involve regional actors more closely in the design of funds. We want
reduce the contributions specific to the support programs to zero, if necessary, so that
aid does indeed reach structurally weak regions. The regions, but also the
unions and social organizations, should have more say in the
European Union investment, structural and aid policy.

We encourage regional economic cycles to boost production
and regional consumption and thereby strengthen small and medium
businesses. A self-sufficient economy also protects local employment.

We regulate electronic markets for the rental of private accommodation. AT
like the city of Barcelona, we set a maximum quota for platforms
like Airbnb.

Basic needs - housing, health, protection against poverty - and rights
must be guaranteed for all people in the European Union. The people
of all regions must have access to good services of general interest: health,
education, social security or fast internet. The European Union plays an important role
in the privatization and dismantling of public services by its directives and treaties
competition and liberalization. Public-private partnerships aim to profit and
not the interest of the majority of the population. The priority given to the market and
competition deteriorates people's daily lives in terms of health and housing. The

Some 15% of young people in the Union
are unemployed. In Greece, Spain and Italy, this percentage is between 30% and
40%. It is 50% in certain districts of Brussels, the European capital. Many
young people are forced to leave their place of residence and seek opportunities in
other European Union countries. Some countries have lost up to a quarter of their
population. For many, uncertain working conditions and poor wages mean
part of a “normal” entry into professional life. 

The unemployed
must have every opportunity to return to school and train, without constraint or fear
to be chased as unemployed. We want to improve prospects
local populations. We invest in public services, we
strengthen the economic activity of municipalities in social housing and we create
teaching jobs. 

Regional economic cycles deserve to be encouraged, both from a social point of view
than ecological. We want European aid to be effectively granted to those
in need. 

Rents explode
throughout Europe, especially in big cities, agglomerations and university towns. Of
more and more people can no longer afford these rents. The owners of
house and apartment are also under pressure. Many have gone into debt for
buy their house or apartment and lose their roof when they can no longer pay them
deadlines, while real estate companies make significant profits.
Countries invest little in affordable housing, among other things under pressure from
logic of European economy and the real estate lobby. In cities, groups
like AirBnB take advantage of vague regulations and cause rents to rise.
The allegedly free “sharing economy” is often a lucrative model.

We want the supply of subsidized social housing to match demand
real. The market fails in terms of sufficient and affordable housing. We want
reconquer the city. We want to end the exponential increase in rents by
Europe. Some cities, like Berlin and Paris, have introduced rules to avoid abuse in
housing material. This is what Europe needs. We want housing and
living space are guaranteed and affordable. 

The European Union must bet on 100% renewable energy, with an objective
50% intermediary by 2030. This implies the simultaneous development of a network
European smart electricity transmission system covering all of Europe. The
shutdown of coal and nuclear power plants requires special measures to
social reconversion, so that the loss of jobs in the affected regions is
compensated by retraining, training and replacement jobs, preferably
in the renewable energy sector.

The European Union can play an important role in the design and implementation of a
more sustainable international transport network. District heating projects, in synergy
with the insulation of houses and buildings, are also among the investments
the most effective that the European Union can support. 

Knowledge transfer to poorer regions in Europe and elsewhere must be
extensive - including through open access publications and databases, but
also a socially responsible licensing policy. 

We want a fundamental change in European policy on
transport. Thus, we defend a sustainable transport model that unclogs cities and
ensures that everyone arrives comfortably where they want. Our credo is more than
mobility and less car traffic for a better quality of life. We want
Quality, free public transport in cities and towns. We favor
local public transport, let's extend the rail network all over Europe,
make the use of bicycles more attractive and remove European subsidies for
new roads and airports (except those located in remote areas). This
expanding local public transport will improve mobility for everyone.

However, this system is far from unanimous. More and more public authorities
regain control of water services. So after a quarter of a century of management
private by Suez and Veolia, the city of Paris has decided to take charge of
the water supply of its population. Water prices immediately
tumbled. Grenoble, Cherbourg and other French cities have also chosen to
take care of the water supply themselves. A similar movement is
also at work in Spain. Wherever they can express themselves by referendum,
citizens say the same thing: we want water to become again and remain a public good.

However, agribusiness stands as an obstacle to
such sustainable agriculture for people and the environment. This is why we are betting on
local farmers, organic farming and agroecology. We make sure that the
proceeds from the use of the land go fairly to those who cultivate it and do
agriculture a profession of the future. Rather than dismantling the Agricultural Policy
common, we propose its reorientation. Biodiversity is becoming a European priority.

We regulate the common market for the most important agricultural products on
the basis of domestic demand. We take into account the specificities of each
country and each region.

A wide range of basic foodstuffs should be made available to households in
low prices, while producers must be remunerated appropriately. For some
environmental reasons, but also to bring cities closer to the countryside, we
favor local production (up to and including urban agriculture), short circuits
and community-supported agriculture. The unlimited right to the free multiplication of
seeds must be guaranteed and the exorbitant power of companies such as Bayer-Monsanto
must be taken away from them. 

These commercial relationships
inequities deprive small farmers of their livelihoods. Agriculture must
ensuring local food security, instead of growing more for the market
worldwide in large farms. Also at European Union level,
agriculture must be able to produce in a healthy way, respectful of
environment and regionally oriented, rather than being forced into a world war
prices. We want the European Union to commit to reform the World Organization
of trade (WTO) so that food security and sovereignty are no longer
hindered by the dogma of free trade.

mentioned on any invoice. To guarantee animal welfare, we favor above all
agroecology. In this way, not only do we promote proper treatment of
farm animals but we also prevent the spread of disease. We make sure
that farm animals have access to sunlight and the outdoors, and ensure
possibility of specific behavior for each species. By opting for slaughterhouses
smaller, locally we can shorten the distances over which animals
are transported and also shorten supply chains. We stimulate the
consumption of foods containing more vegetable proteins (protein and
legumes).

We want a "European fund for welcoming municipalities". The
municipalities must be supported in the area of reception and integration.

The European Union must encourage a dignified integration and reception policy. That
requires an end to the austerity policy. The means used for reception and integration do not
may be taken into account in the calculation of the budget deficit of a Member State. He would not
not normal for a State which invests in reception and integration to be sanctioned by the Union
European. A special fund must support welcoming municipalities.
We make sure that each asylum seeker can submit their request and that
be seriously considered in accordance with the Geneva Convention, 

The refugees were integrated into the city,
learned the language, participated in daily life and had a job. This facilitated their
integration and then allowed them to look for work and a stable situation elsewhere. This
reception is also cheaper than reception in large centers. It guarantees more
independence and privacy for asylum seekers and it provides a safer environment
for the most vulnerable, such as single women. Besides, different studies
show that an extended stay in large collective reception centers leads to more
depression, other health problems, difficulty coping with
trauma and deterioration of self-image. We want to encourage the reception of
asylum seekers in small structures, in partnership with associations and
local hosting initiatives that have expertise.