of European countries: radical Islamism
like the chaos caused by submerging
migration
see the questioning of
our lifestyles, our traditions and even
of our values of civilization. Neighborhoods
whole, cities, parts of department
are spaces "in secession",
not become areas of lawlessness
since a law other than that applies to it
of the Republic, but "zones of no
France. "

European economies have never
are in competition as much as they are today.
The European Union has failed to
loosen the noose of credit, ever more res
tight
on the public as on the private. The challenges
abyssal cities (Italy and Spain in particular)

This project is based on the assertion of the
European singularity, fruit of identities
specific to each people, each
Nation of Europe. The strength of national cultures
and local, of its civilization, forms the
safer bulwark against extreme drifts
mists, community folds and ver
fanatic
stems.

Choices of cooperation themes
must act according to "the principle of sub
sidiarity.
»Only are intended to be treated
the European level, the questions that
place cooperation on a continual scale
tale and interstate.

It also means going to the local bank,
at the full-service regional bank, at the
credit union, all its capabilities
preferably regional. It is to promote
return to the territory as a measure of all
thing. And that’s going back to accounting at
market value, to restore accounting
bility with historical value, and liberate the
taken from an absurd dependence on courses

And it's just as true when it comes to
Defense cords, diplomatic actions
and promotion of cultures
and regional, religious heritage,
community.

The result of a naive submission to free
exchange is known: Europe is the region
of the fastest growing world
weak, the only one who hasn't been able to recover since
the 2007-2008 financial crisis, the only
who sees mass unemployment stabilize
at unbearable levels, including

European generation and the destruction of
our national productive system. It ruins the
to put in the European construction, to
as the economies diverge, as the
unemployment and poverty are gaining. The sub-de
development
of so many cities and regions
of Europe results directly from the opening
borders.

The exterior influence of Europe
depends on cooperation between states,
taken, regions, civil societies, cooperation
based on history, on geographic proximity
graphics, religious or cultural as much
only on shared interests.

Shouldn't public money also be used to
encourage companies that take into
account the development of economies
local needs, collective needs and interest
national.

National Corporate Responsibility which
will encourage businesses to
virtuous behavior: refusal of delo
hiring,
hiring a workforce
national, incentive to use supplies
sisters
or local products…

By playing the regions against the Nations, by
turning States against peoples, the Union
European destroys the conditions for a
collective response.

More recently, the Commission has proposed
to lower the budget for the next CAP
(Common Agricultural Policy) to increase
lie that devoted to the installation of
migrants in rural areas (which will
also has the effect of accelerating industrialization
agricultural activities).

The forced opening of European borders
women insult democracy, promise
Europe sinking demographic, eco-friendly
logical and cultural. She feeds a crime
a
city enriched by human trafficking,
it serves as a weapon of mass destruction to
enemies of Europe.

The ideology of mobility and nomadism
contradicts the attachment of Europeans, in
each Nation, their land, their region, their
their collective singularities. She forgets the
long time that only allowed, after which
difficulties, assimilation of populations
in nations that unite.

Within the Alliance, States will be invited
to implement cooperation in
"disruptive" major weapons systems.
The aim is to give Europe the capa
independent
advocacy cities
diplomatic, technological and commercial
of its own; these cooperations
will be done on the basis of a har
monisation
of employment doctrines and
technical specifications.

European freedom is the product of this
exceptional richness of living systems
and the nature of the regions of Europe. The secu-
Europeans also have traditions
gastronomic, inherited lifestyles
centuries of civilization as standards
sanitary that save the greatest
number obesity and other civil diseases

We will propose that the European Alliance
des Nations promotes localism, an eco
nomie of proximity, in financing,
production, respect for local preferences
and the diversity of modes of organization and
production. She considers security envi
as
an essential part of the
global security of Europeans, and will recognize
create a right to health and environmental security

From school to places of worship, teams of
sport at shops, "halal" slaughterhouses
local solidarity funds, setting up
Islamic is an example, but not the only one,
of European blindness.

The quality of life of Europeans depends
physical and virtual infrastructures,
moral and spiritual, uniting nature and
culture and worth much more than the patri-financial
monks or accumulated assets:
exceptional natural sites, historic cities,
symbolic place, architectural heritage….
They are the European exception, a qua
social
and territorial unity, an ability to
project in the world, who are the best
from Europe.

We will suggest that the Alliance contributes
to help states and regions regulate the
mass tourism when it equals the pill
the
territory, their life, their structures
tures, of their singularity. Venice, Dubrovnik,
Carcassonne, Barcelona, Lindau, were
flagships of European civilization. They are
exploited until the expulsion of their habiti
and
the destruction of local life by
companies and networks contributing nothing
funding their infrastructure
tures and the defense of heritages.

makes reality sacrifice more every day
of the world and the truth of the facts to the speech
on what they should be: the ideology of the EU
is mercantile and globalist; the reality is
national, it is territorial, it is anchored
in long history, and it's local.

of decisions that are the Nations, only
holders of sovereignty and legitimacy
democratic mity. It's a vain illusion
to want to ignore them in favor of the dream
federalist or weaken them by a cloudy game
with regional separatisms.

as their alliances, their exchanges
as of their confrontations. His first
wealth and its past dynamics are made
of the diversity of peoples, regions,
terroirs that make it up. She is richer
more diversity than traditions,
languages, cultures, ways of being, have
developed from common elements.

the temptation to standardize, to
conformity, to standardize, at the risk of doing
lose to Europe this treasure which is its diversity
internal, produces stories and identi
national
tees, territorial cultures,
local traditions. The Aachen Treaty
which confuses cooperation and integration,
ie standardization is an illustration.

As part of the Alliance, the Nations for
will anticipate the revolution of the modes of
production promised by techniques
digital, artificial intelligence, bio
technologies
and production techniques
for example 3 D, it is possible to produce
on demand locally by optimizing the
cost and impact of transportation and inventory.

We will propose that the Alliance
manage territorialized economies in Europe,
carrying local or regional singularities
companies with national responsibility
demanding standards, chosen by their customers

an economic revolution which is first
political and that is already there. Prepare this
revolution to give Europe a head start
in the real new economy means
invest in territorial progress, promote
short circuits and local services,
preserve biodiversity and access for all
citizens with natural resources,
seeds and endemic species pre
on
their territory.

We will propose that the Alliance encourage this
that the rules for funding and access to
public markets are more favorable to
localized businesses, and that appellations
benefit from effective protection
cace against delo trademarks
tagged. This may result in the fact
that part of public contracts be reserved
local or regional SMEs.

States wishing to do so may use
of the Alliance, to renew the bond that was
between the company and the territories of a
share, and active savers and investors
on these territories on the other hand.
projects in the region and she can
help Nations who so wish to develop
lopper, at the relevant level, access to
collaborative funding for any project to
ecological impact guaranteed, particularly in
energy, biodiversity,
local productions, free access to
seeds and endemic varieties.

We will suggest that the Alliance promotes
renewal of regional proxy banks
mite, in particular on a mutualist basis and
development aid of all forms
of local financing by platforms
dedicated forms. So she can propose
that a share of the capital collected in a
region, in particular through ban
caires,
either necessarily assigned to
56,000 euros over the period 1999-2017. And the
big winners would be Germany and the
Netherlands. Unquestionably, our country does not
cannot overcome his unemployment
mass, growth is struggling and the challenges
abyssal cities.