Therefore, the EU, the social dimension 
is important and central the entity in which 
you work for equality to promote, for example,
working life will pay more attention. 
There is also downtown it is particularly 
important to take care of regional value. 
This has always been the case in EU policy 
one of the guiding principles. Regional differences
throughout the history of the Union, with a strong 
cohesion policy. This policy action has 
yielded good results, reducing development 
disparities within the Union. Cohesion policy 
will continue to do so be strongly present 
in EU policies and must remain EU-wide. 

We need everyone work on a hectare
of healthy food, carbon flybinding,
biodiversity and water and animal welfare 
on behalf of. Agricultural policy 
is also direct link with the safeguarding 
of rural vitality. The starting point 
for the reform of agricultural 
policy-they must be increasingly competitive 
in their operations ensuring the environment 
for farmers; and delivering higher value added tax. 

To strengthen its unity, the Union still 
needs a strong regional and structural 
policy. The center is sure of it 
also comes from older member states 
(for net contributors). As the name
implies, EU Cohesion Policy is like 
the glue that holds the Union together. 

From the Finnish point of view, 
the center considers it central 
Sparsely populated in Eastern and 
Northern Finland as part of Cohesion 
Funding. There is support from the 
EU for sparsely populated areas 
significant for regional development. 
Special aid for sparsely populated areas
in the North is enshrined in our Accession
Treaty. The advisory negotiations on the 
next financial perspectives Finland
must fight the level of financing 
at least like the current one. 

Finland sets an example how this funding 
was used own new research and development 
to create it.The center is also in favor 
of new money-sharing criteria if they can
be guaranteed Maintaining Finland's overall yield.
Nationally, regional aid should be further divided 
with emphasis on sparsely populated for assisted areas. 
The center also emphasizes close-the implementation 
of the Autumn principle in regional policy. 
The Union needs a social Europe, where growth 
and prosperity belong to everyone, implementing 
the internal market in justice conformity, which 
is found together answers to the huge youth 
unemployment and where we fight together 
to achieve equality in working life. 

To this challenge answering is the EU's 
education system central challenge. 
An aging Europe one cannot afford to 
miss the able-bodied younger generation, 
but it must be offered access to the labor 
market in Europe wide. Although education policy 
in the European Union is national, there is a 
university system to be established at the European 
level, that the poorest regions and countries also 
have better opportunities to perform high-school 
degree. Finland has the Leadership Center good
experiences in college regional expansion and 
its economy and its impact on innovation. 
The Union's investment and innovation policy 
there will be more in the future more new low 
carbon promoters innovation and investment 
in infrastructure; and industry.

The most important thing is, to get the 
single currency used value and has a clear 
added value Member States. Downtown is ready 
at a budget level, if at all will enable Finland 
to secure other sectors such as agriculture, 
regional development as well as research and 
development.In addition to this is ensure that 
new sectors such as: migration management and 
defense will get the necessary funding. 
The center must be silent on the line of 
parties where at the same time we want to 
cut the budget, but still increase the 
tasks of the union. 

The EU is important to Finland 
attempts have been made to undermine 
regional development funding 
from many directions. Minister 
is consistently defended funding 
need for Finland and the regions. 
As a result of the work major threats 
in the Commission proposal were able 
to crunch. The social dimension of the 
European Union is also proceeding with
several different legislative projects 
through whom Minister Saarikko has done
active work and have taken the Finnish 
example and family policy to others EU countries. 