A basic animal welfare article and the reform of Article 13 of the treaty
Lisbon regarding the abolition of animal welfare
religious rites, cultural traditions and other regional customs
indispensable.

The current cattle and dairy cow population alone
in the EU there are around 111 million animals (88 million cattle and 23 million
from 123 cities
with 100,000 inhabitants each. Clear political objectives from Brussels to meet the
agricultural emissions of methane and nitrous oxide as well as the manure
reduce, are so far completely missing.

A further reform of the distribution criteria of the (remaining) EU subsidies
the agricultural fund is urgently needed so that not conventional large companies and
Corporations increase their profits, but regional, ecologically working as well as small,
Family and medium-sized businesses survive and can be expanded. 

In addition, there is also rural landscaping
according to certain nature protection criteria, e.g. B. creating larger ones with hedges and
Field shrubs overgrown with field arenas and flower strips, with appropriate subsidies
compensate.

Use egg and dairy products to tackle world hunger, the
Promote health and protect the environment and animals. For example
To cancel grants for school milk programs and through grants programs
replace that support the consumption of locally grown fruit and vegetables. 

Arrange to purchase regional and vegetable products. We also want to reduce
the food waste oblige retailers from a certain shop area,
Give or donate food free of charge.

In particular, we also request that products be labeled
intensive animal husbandry, so that the consumer is deliberately misled by the
Product advertising is excluded. A clear and binding declaration of
regional products (cultivation area and harvest within a radius of max. 50 km) should also
be introduced.

Set responsibility and through environmentally friendly innovations, through willingness to
new lifestyles and ethical economic principles of the world
give ecological example. In the area of environmental policy, the European Union
Far-reaching goals: preservation and protection of the environment, protection of human
Health, prudent and rational use of natural resources, promotion
of measures at international level to deal with regional or global
Environmental problems and in particular to combat climate change. These plans
must finally be implemented consistently.

The destruction of nature through the use of the global land mass for the
Agriculture and through surface sealing for industrial complexes, cities and
Roads continue to advance due to the increasing earth population. 

But it must also take note of one fact: in the past, Europe was
a continent of emigration, people from all European countries
emigrated to the north and west to escape poverty or political reprisals
South America, Australia and even Asia and Africa. Europe is now
Become a target region of immigration. We are in the face of our own past
committed to a human asylum and refugee policy.

We support the international initiative of the "Solidarity Cities" because of humanity and
Solidarity with refugees is a concern of local citizens more than ever
must become. But it is not intended to replace the necessary national and supranational ones
Regulations act.

Our children represent the future, across Europe. Child poverty is still huge
Problem and needs solutions. There is one here, not just regionally, but across borders
Influencing is essential to compensate for social imbalances.

A better compatibility of family and work, a higher wage level as well as a
smooth transition to retirement are the basis for a fairer pension system,
which is why we support the promotion of day care centers, better ones
Return opportunities after rest periods, investment programs for lifelong learning
as well as attractive partial retirement and partial pension models. Pension payments flow widely
Disproportionately in the local economy, weaker family members come to and
thus represent solid anchors even in times of crisis. An alignment of social systems
within the EU, the long-term goal of political decisions must be.

As a lesson from the banking crisis in 2008, major banks must successively
Systemic relevance withdrawn, investment banking smashed and banks have to
regional and ecological principles are installed (regionalization).

Offer European structural programs (European Regional Promotion Fund, ERDF)
all European regions, funding needs for the respective funding periods
to submit and to apply for investment funds. The goal is stability and reduction of
Disparities in economic developments among countries. Here must
it is absolutely better to ensure that the available funds are called up
can.

Savings banks and other regional financial service providers, especially if they are ethical
Imposing obligations are on the big banks and insurers too
strengthen.

Municipalities, public institutions, countries and regions should aim at divestment
(Repelling stocks, shares, bonds that have to do with fossil fuels)
get supported.

Especially the rural regions in Europe are still of the nationwide
Provision of fast internet access excluded. Because the network expansion partially
cannot be refinanced, we require investment programs for the corresponding
Expansion projects to exclude disadvantages and access to every citizen
guarantee fast internet.

Companies against
Violating data protection requirements must be sanctioned consistently. Therefore, with
national and regional expansion parallel to the expansion of digitization
Strengthen data protection officers. 

We want a Europe of regions and municipalities. You are closest to the citizens
Decision-making levels and the priority place should follow the principle of subsidiarity
be on which political rules are jointly determined and actively shaped.

Overarching global goals, such as the climate agreement or the 2030 Agenda
for sustainable development, as well as the concerns of local citizens
basic framework for all EU financial and political decisions
become.S