Inequality also threatens community. The financial crisis slowed down the economic balance between Europe
rich and poor regions. Equalization was the prerequisite for a sustainable common market. slowdown
This has therefore led to pressure to make Europe assume a greater responsibility for the peoples
social woe and well. But should the EU be a social union? No! A 'social pillar' of EU cooperation risks
share Europe more than it gathers.

In areas such as the labor market, welfare and taxation, the legitimate concerns of the population must be addressed.
This is based on the principle that decisions are made as close to citizens as possible. EU decision
the
process must be more transparent and understandable and there should be a clear division of responsibilities. confirm
the closing process must respect the principle of subsidiarity and allow for increased regional cooperation.
There must be room for different cultures and solutions in individual countries or groupings of countries.

This regional cooperation must be extended to real coordination between like-minded countries in a number of ways
fundamental EU issues, e.g. the degree of further integration, centralism to decentralization
me, economic policy, budget, taxation, social issues and welfare.

The development of sustainable agriculture is decisive.
Europe's green transition. Therefore, will
Left reinforce the research of locally-produced
protein crops that can bind carbon in the soil and
thus reducing greenhouse gas emissions.

climate and environment are given high priority in the next
and upcoming EU budgets as well as in it
concrete implementation of EU programs and
funds, including Horizon Europe, regional
and
structural funds, etc. Minimum 35% of the EU
research funding in Horizon Europe must go to
research and innovation with a focus on climate
and environment.

global competition, must the new budget
realistically, 75-80 percent greater
than the current € 80 billion over
seven years - that is 105-140 billion euros.
The money must be raised through a reform of the EU
regional funds.

The Left wants a revision of the European
agricultural and fisheries policies so that they
higher degree allows for customization
production for local conditions. The goal is one
real simplification for farmers, fishermen,
citizens and authorities.

The Left wants Member States to
over obliged to tender their national
rail operations. The goal is that Europe's main
cities are connected by high-speed rail.

to the children. In Bulgaria, a Danish responds
child check for barely a month
cut revenue, and that is, of course, unreasonable
not having the opportunity to treat
all equal - e.g. by indexing the services
to the local economy.

The EU must focus on the major common tasks and
less in all the areas where municipalities,
regions and states can do better - and close
tere
on the citizens.

As part of the necessary savings,
does the Left say that the Commission is also preparing
nurtures and completes a pervasive
audit of the EU institutions. Among other things. wishes
Left a critical overhaul of the European
Committee of the Regions and the European Economic Area
and Social Committees.

The EU must be developed in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity. The starting point must be that decisions are made so closely
citizens as possible. Some tasks can be solved in small communities, others should be done by national
states,
and finally, there are tasks that are best solved jointly by several countries.

The EU must respect large and small states and their independence. The starting point should be that
individual countries, regions and institutions take care of the close tasks, with national characteristics and
culture must be respected.

